
With dense fog, Astral Zero's thicket.
(—It really makes you nervous. Assaulting a stronghold, that is.)
Kamito silenced his breathing as he advanced through the tree branches.
His elemental waffe Terminus Est was also in a concealed state with her presence perfectly hidden. Solo stealth operation was Kamito's specialty.
"Kami......can......hear me?"
The small spirit crystal fragment in his hand lit up weakly and out came Claire's muffled voice.
Utilizing the spirit resonance phenomenon, it was a spirit crystal for communication. Its effective range wasn't very large, but it was much more difficult to detect when compared to using spirits.
"The reception is bad. Your voice is fragmented."
"I see......it's because the Barrier......been strengthened......"
Then suddenly......with a sound that pained the ears, the spirit crystal's light faded.
"So the signal won't reach from here on, huh......"
While sighing, Kamito placed the now-useless spirit crystal in his pocket.
Though saying that, using it in the enemy's stronghold wouldn't be a good idea.
(At the signal, take out the enemy team's commander in one go—)
Kamito licked his lips and readied his hand on Terminus Est's hilt.
The Blade Dance's real battle — the last day. The ones Team Scarlet had chosen as their target were representatives from the same Areishia Academy, Team Cernunnos.
Taking into consideration the number of magic stones they needed to advance and the enemy's battle strength, Claire had proposed attacking a stronghold.
Attacking the heavily reinforced stronghold would be very disadvantageous for the invaders. But in order to reach the finals, they had no other option but to follow through with it.
Just then, a showy explosion occurred far away.
He wondered if Claire and the others had entered into a battle with the enemy's main force.
Taking that as the signal, Kamito came out of hiding.
(—A long battle in enemy territory will be bad for us. We need to settle this in one push.)
Blitz.
While Claire, Ellis and Fianna acted as bait, the attacker, Kamito, would crush the stronghold's center — that was Kamito and the others' chosen tactic this time.
They had fought Team Cernunnos before during the academy ranking battles. Back when the team consisted of only two people, Claire and him, they had been severely beaten by the druid captain's beast swarm spirit.
But such strong ritual magic required a lot of time. If they defeated them before it was completed, it would be their victory.
(That ritual magic should be gathering the Earth's Pulse in the center of the stronghold.)
In other words, if he crushed the center with lightning speed—
(—That will decide the battle!)
Avoiding detection by the guardian spirits patrolling for invaders and bypassing restriction or other fatal traps, Kamito advanced in a straight line.
Countless dull thorns flew from all directions but each was shot down by ice arrows.
It was the covering fire of Rinslet who was concealing herself far away. She had been a sharpshooter to begin with, but participating in the Blade Dance's real battle had truly leveled those skills up to a sniper.
She was a partner Kamito could trust his back to.
"Ohhhhhhhh!"
Avoiding the three Dryads protecting the barrier—
Tens of seconds after the signal, Kamito reached the center of the stronghold.
"......!"
The sight just up ahead.
A watchtower-like shrine stood there surrounded by giant sacred trees.
Upon the altar, a noble girl wrapped with white rope was in the middle of a ritual.
She had shining golden hair and glassy ice blue eyes.
The girl who lived in the spirit forest and had been taught the secret techniques of the first elementalist.
"Jeez, I knew you'd come, you ruffians!"
The girl temporarily interrupted the ritual and glared down at Kamito.
(......Knew?)
Kamito furrowed his brows.
(Don't tell me they read my approach?)
But the beast swarm spirit summoning ritual was not yet complete.
The protection elementalists were also engaged in battle with Claire and the others. It was already too late for them to return even if they realized Kamito had invaded.
Suddenly, chains sprung from the ground and seized each of Kamito's legs.
"Wha!?"
What had caught onto Kamito's legs were shining Shackles.
(......This is!)
It was an elemental waffe he remembered seeing.
(If I recall, it was used by the ones who attacked Milla Bassett — Shackles of the Criminal!)
"—Hmm, it looks like you let your guard down, male elementalist."
"......!?"
The ones who arrived from the forest behind him were three girls wearing uniforms that were red with a single white line.
It was the uniform of the Holy Empire of Lugia's representatives, the Sacred Spirit Knights.
"......Hey, what's the meaning of this?"
Kamito groaned with a sour expression.
"You mean why the Sacred Spirit Knights are cooperating with Team Cernunnos?"
The ones to advance to the finals in Tempest would only be the four teams with the most magic stones. Excluding those who didn't really know what to do in the middle stages, the chance of teams allying in the latter stages was low.
"It is to redeem our stained honor, male elementalist. We won't allow you, who smeared the name of the Sacred Spirit Knights, to pass into the finals!"
"Even if we cannot receive the honor of victory."
"For the sake of the wish Luminaris-sama has held for three years!"
The girls glared at Kamito with loathing.
(......I see. In any case, they've put aside advancing to the finals and come to crush me instead, huh.)
Kamito sighed internally.
It appeared that defeating two of the elementalists from their team in the midst of protecting Milla Bassett had earned him their hatred.
The large and prominent Holy Kingdom of Lugia had sent three teams to this Blade Dance. He wondered if it was a decision made with the conviction that it was fine to become a sacrifice as long as the favored Paladin Luminaris Saint Leisched's team made it to the finals.
While they had sent out three teams as well, this was their difference with the Ordesia Empire representatives who were competing separately.
"......And isn't this completely a personal grudge."
"Say what you will. Before we face the Principality of Rossvale in front of the crowd, we will wipe clean here the disgrace of defeat that we suffered!"
The three from the Sacred Spirit Knights moved at the same time.
"Tch—"
Kamito tried to sever the Shackles with his divine power-filled sacred sword but—
It was repelled while giving off sparks.
(......Est's output isn't rising!?)
Despite putting in the maximum divine power he could, the sacred sword's brilliance was still weak.
(Kuu, this truly is the center of a stronghold. The strength of the sealing barrier is on a different scale......)
It wasn't just that his divine power output wasn't rising, his body also felt extremely heavy.
The powerful barrier protecting the center of the stronghold was harshly wearing down Kamito's strength.
Even if Terminus Est was of the most powerful class of elemental waffe, if the contractor couldn't supply divine power, it was just a regular weapon.
It was impossible to sever Shackles of the Criminal in this condition.
(Three skilled contractors, with a time limit added to boot. This is really rough, as expected—)
As he cursed in his heart, he readied his Demon Slayer.
"Come, giant spirit — Grendel!"
Following the shackles contractor, another female knight summoned her contracted spirit.
What appeared from thin air was a giant-type spirit with sharp claws.
The giant bent its repulsive features and charged at him with a howl.
The waving claws that seemed to gouge even the air. Kamito's Terminus Est barely stopped that one attack — however,
(......He's too heavy......!)
Kamito grit his teeth.
If he stayed in the Sealing Barrier for too long, his strength would be exhausted.
His opponent was a power-type spirit that excelled in attacks utilizing physics. At this rate—
"Fufu, looks like this is the end, male elementalist!"
That instant. On the right arm of Kamito whose movements had stopped, yet another shackle was put on.
"......Two elemental waffen at one time!?"
"—Seems like you have let your guard down. Shackles of the Criminal is an elemental waffe that consists of shackles for both the wrists and ankles."
The female knight poured scorn on Kamito who clicked his tongue.
The giant spirit's claws dug mercilessly into the torso of Kamito who had lost freedom over his limbs.
"Kahaa......!"
Kamito's body was easily blown away and smacked into the wall behind him. The mental damage from the spirit's direct attack and the physical damage taken from crashing into the wall assaulted Kamito at the same time.
(—A wall?)
While grimacing from the intense pain, Kamito thought doubtfully.
This is the interior of a deep forest. Up until just now, there shouldn't have been such a thing.
And as if to answer Kamito—
From the ground rose successive large stone walls, encompassing him.
It only took a few seconds. The completed form were giant ramparts arranged in a circle.
"Fortress spirit Isengard's elemental waffe — Great Wall."
The third female knight muttered in a cold voice.
"With this, you can't escape."
"......A fortress spirit. One of the earth attribute, huh."
Looking at the walls many times his height, Kamito groaned.
A spirit the same type as that Velsaria's Dreadnought. It had the worst compatibility with the sword spirit Est.
Because of the difference in their ranks as spirits, at full power it would be possible to destroy them, but that would be difficult right now with Est not being supplied enough divine power.
"Since it seems like there's an excellent sniper in your team hiding."
"......"
It seemed like they were also aware of Rinslet who was hiding within the forest. With this level of solid ramparts surrounding him, he could not expect Rinslet's covering fire either.
(......I am trapped. As expected of a top-class team.)
Kamito smiled wryly on the inside.
They had completely seen through Team Scarlet's tactic that centered around Kamito.
It wasn't that he had been looking down on the Blade Dance representatives. Even so, there may have been a little carelessness in the corner of his mind.
This Blade Dance was a team battle. Teamwork would overpower individual ability.
"......Though I should have already understood that long ago."
—He had come to learn the complete opposite of what he'd been taught during his time at the Instructional School.
You have nobody like an ally.
Trust in nothing but your own strength — that.
It seemed that warped training was much more deeply embedded in his heart than he had originally thought.
The giant spirit Grendel thundered out a joyful roar.
He could not move his limbs that had been bound by the Shackles satisfactorily.
"Kuu......!"
"......mito......Kamito!"
At that time. A girl's voice calling Kamito was faintly heard.
(......The communication spirit crystal!?)
Since he had step foot within the Sealing Barrier, the communications should have ceased but—
(Don't tell me, is Claire nearby?)
With a realization, he raised his head — and,
"What the heck!?"
The Great Wall user had her eyes open with shock.
The circular arrangement of ramparts surrounding him.
A single portion was scorching red hot.
It was an unbelievable degree of heat. The solid stone wall rapidly melted.
And then, the next instant.
"Goddess of ice and snow, by that frosted hand, crush my enemies — Icicle Hammer!"
A giant helical pillar of ice burst through the stone wall in one go, crumbling it into fragments.
(......!?)
Outside the smashed ramparts—
The young girl with an ice bow prepared was smiling calmly.
Shining platinum blonde hair. Emerald pupils filled with elegance.
"Rinslet!"
"I'm here as well."
Next to her, a beautiful girl with red hair and Flametongue in hand, Claire was also there.
"Impossible, my Isengard was destroyed!?"
The fortress elementalist girl let out a trembling voice.
Flame attribute and ice attribute — it was crumbling that utilized the difference in temperature between these two. It had even destroyed that Velsaria's Dreadnought, this combination attack from the Raven Class pair.
"Looks like you're having a hard battle. That's not like you."
"......Yeah, sorry."
To Claire who was shrugging her shoulders, Kamito replied with a wry smile.
He had never thought that they would come rushing this quickly.
His high-class lady partners had also experienced the real battle of the Blade Dance and leveled up greatly.
Kamito readjusted and gripped his Demon Slayer tightly.
(......I wonder what this is. Just by having my companions nearby, I also become so—)
There was no sense of losing. It didn't matter how much of a disadvantageous situation it was.
—There was no reason, he was just sure of it.
"—Sorry. It's our turn now."
A fearless smile rose onto Kamito's face.
In response to that vigor, the giant spirit before him gave out a cautious roar.
"A b-bluff! However many reinforcements there are, this is the center of a stronghold. Their contracted spirits' strength also can't be used sufficiently—"
"I wonder about that?"
A dignified voice came from overhead.
The shadow falling from directly above. The one that entered Kamito's raised vision, wrapped in a gale and gliding in sharply was the ponytailed princess knight.
Held in her arms was the black-haired queen.
"—Ellis, Fianna!"
"You are my sword, you are my shield—"
With her eyes closed, Fianna began her spirit language releasing chant in midair.
Light particles were born from thin air and a rapier decorated with elegant ornaments appeared in her hand.
It was not just an ordinary rapier. That sword was surely the elemental waffe of the royalty's guardian knight spirit.
"Bearer of infinite light, cleanser of darkness—!"
"Now!"
Instantly, Ellis nose dived to the ground in a heartbeat and let go of Fianna in midair.
Skirt fluttering, Fianna landed next to Kamito. Keeping that momentum, she plunged the tip of her rapier deep into the earth!
"That name is — Save the Queen!"
The noble and clear voice shook the atmosphere.
In that moment, a beam of light surged forth from the end of the sword and drew a magic square formation around the two.
Turning the space within its effective range into one's Territory, it was an unparalleled elemental waffe.
"Kamito-kun, with this—!"
"Yeah!"
Kamito nodded with vigor. With the cancellation of the enemy team's Sealing Barrier, divine power surged through his entire body like a raging gale.
"I'm counting on you, Est!"
Kamito supplied Terminus Est with the full might of his divine power and the sacred sword's blade gave off a fierce light as if to dazzle the eyes.
The Shackles of the Criminal that touched the blade's edge was severed with extreme ease.
"No way......!"
The Shackles user female knight gasped with an expression of disbelief.
"As expected, they couldn't analyze an elemental waffe that has just awakened."
Claire, Ellis and Rinslet also swiftly gathered into the constructed Territory.
A complete turn of the table.
"Y-You......!"
"The glorious Sacred Spirit Knight have, to a second-rate team like you......"
At that time, the ground shook monstrously.
"......This is bad, the beast swarm spirit's summoning ritual is activating!"
At Claire's words, he turned around with a realization.
On the other side of the fallen stone walls — directly beneath the shrine, a gigantic magic square formation was shining.
The Druid girl was standing above the tall wooden platform with arms spread open as she chanted the spirit language summoning.
"Kamito-kun, my Territory will only hold out for a few more minutes!"
Fianna said in an impatient-sounding voice.
Yes, this was her elemental waffe, Save the Queen's sole weak point.
The time limit was just too short for use in real combat.
"—Got it. We'll decide this in one go!"
Kamito dashed ahead with the shining Demon Slayer in hand.
Claire, Ellis and Rinslet also followed shortly after.
"......Kuu, protect the shrine, Grendel!"
Before Kamito and the others' eyes, the giant spirit had blocked their path.
It swung its arms that were like giant trees and attacked them in a half-crazed manner.
"Fuu, here I go! Freezing fangs, pierce — Freezing Arrow!"
Rinslet stopped and nocked an arrow, then fired her ice arrows blindly.
Drawing a gently falling arc, the intense downpour of ice fangs.
Each ice arrow that landed formed a pillar of ice which obstructed the giant spirit's incoming hand.
After that—
"—O wind, blow wildly!"
Ellis swept her Ray Hawk and shot out blades of wind.
The wind blades tore through the ice pillars, becoming a fearsome storm that was devastating.
Ice Storm — using their properties when they collided with each other, a combination attack.
The giant spirit's large frame was sliced to shreds by the ice blade storm, being eliminated within an instant.
"Damn, seize my enemies, O Shackles of the Criminal!"
The cornered elementalist turned once again to Kamito and released her Shackles of the Criminal.
"I won't let you!"
Claire's Flametongue easily repelled the chains, then continued on to mow down the enemy.
"—Thanks for the help."
Having received his teammates' support, Kamito made a beeline for the shrine with a sprint.
Ahead of him, this time numerous stone walls appeared.
"—O Great Wall, ambush my enemy!"
Fortress spirit Isengard's elemental waffe. Different from the circular ramparts just before, perhaps because of the way it seemed to only concentrate on blocking the enemies ahead of it, the walls' thickness seemed to have multiplied.
However, Kamito did not stop running. Just like that, he plunged towards the stone wall.
"With this kind of thing, there's no way you could stop my Est!"
The Demon Slayer held in his hands gave off even more dazzling light.
Kamito brandished his sword and the stone wall before his eyes—
Crash. Crash. Crash. Crash. Crash. Crash. Crash.
"......No way, a sword spirit is destroying a fortress spirit!?"
With each time Kamito swung the sword, successive rubble from the stone walls danced in the air.
That was a scene that exceeded commonplace elementalist general knowledge.
Kamito, who had become a gale and arrived directly beneath the shrine, kicked off the ground and rose into the air.
"Ellis, I'm counting on you—"
"—Courageous wind, grant your blessing to the brave warrior—Sylphid Feather!"
The gale that Ellis produced enveloped Kamito and pushed him to the top of the shrine in one go.
"......!?"
The Druid girl opened her ice blue eyes widely.
Kamito pierced the floor with his Demon Slayer that was giving off light.
"Sorry. We must absolutely continue onto the finals."
With that, the shrine was split cleanly into two halves.

Pan! Papapapan!
Having set up a branch store in Ragna Ys' business district, the empire's nobles' café La Parfait.
Within that shop, grand noises from crackers resounded.
"Congratulations on Team Scarlet's advancement into the finals!"
The one giving her blessings with a smile was the maid, Carol.
"Fuu, it was the obvious outcome with me there!"
"As expected of you, Milady!"
Rinslet swept up her hair and Carol clapped in return.
"Wait a second, you weren't the only one who did something."
"Uuu......I was always providing support from the rear, but I also wanted to show off more on the front lines!"
"What use would a sniper be at the front lines......"
The seemingly astonished Claire retorted.
At that everyday scene before him, Kamito thought,
(......We've really returned, haven't we.)
And breathed a sigh of relief in his heart.
In an isolated field, for seven days, the constantly recurring survival battles between elementalists --- Tempest.
Kamito and the others' return from that stage was already a while ago.
Being teleported to the Divine Ritual Institute's grand shrine by means of transportation magic, the one who appeared before Kamito and the others was the Fire Queen he had been under the care of previously, Reicha Alminas.
Standing before the nervous Kamito's group, she wore a tender smile as she read out the Divine Ritual Institute's announcement.
Team Scarlet's magic stone count is nineteen stones.
Congratulations, you will be advancing to the finals as the fourth team --- she had said.
At that moment, the young ladies who normally fought without end hugged each others' shoulders and rejoiced.
And now, Team Scarlet had reserved La Parfait and were in the middle of a victory celebration.
"Fuaaa......peach tarts, they look so delicious."
Claire's red twintails bobbed in a happy manner.
Atop the large wooden table, parfaits laden with cream like works of art, colorful ice cream, fragrant baked sweets, fruit combination platters and a wide variety of cakes were lined up.
"......Th-This squirrel-shaped cake is also cute. It's a pity that it's for eating."
"This cream puff has raspberries in it. It will serve as a good reference."
Gathered in front of the sweet confections, the girls frolicked innocently.
......Somehow, it made one want to smile just looking at it.
"It's fun, isn't it, this kind of thing. We couldn't have a tea party in the middle of the real battle."
As Fianna raised a cup of black coffee, she smiled.
Yes, thanks to the pro-level cook, Rinslet, the contents of their meals were overwhelmingly extravagant compared to the other teams, but as expected, they had not been able to have an elegant tea party.
"That's true. On top of that, it has been a while since we've had a hot bath."
"While in the blade dance field, we made do with purifying in only a small fountain."
Rinslet gave a large nod in response to Claire's words. They had purified their bodies at a hamam in the city before the party.
......Come to think of it, he could smell the floral scent of shampoo wafting from their hair.
This was something that he had realized since the time he began living with Claire at the academy, that girls fresh out of the bath had a light and calming nice scent to them.
(......Rather, isn't that a perverted thought.)
With lightly reddened cheeks, Kamito shook his head from side to side.
Scratch, scratch.
"Hmm?"
Looking over, the girl with silvery white hair that was sitting beside him was gazing expressionlessly at Kamito.
Mysterious violet eyes. White skin like fresh milk.
Kamito's contracted spirit, Est.
"Kamito, is there any tofu cake?"
"No, as I expected, there doesn't seem to be any tofu cake."
Kamito scratched his cheek in a troubled manner.
Tofu was a specialty product from Kamito's home town where he was born, a pudding made from soya beans.
Before, Rinslet had made him some and it seemed that Est had taken a liking to it.
"......Is that so."
The legendary sword spirit's shoulders sunk with disappointment,.
"It's not cake, but if you want tofu ice cream, there's some here."
And Claire slid the ice cream plate to her.

"......So there is some!"
Est's eyes that had lost their light suddenly regained their brilliance.
"Tofu, tofu ♪"
While humming to herself in a song-like manner, she brought the spoon to her mouth.
That ever expressionless face became slightly lax around the edges of her mouth.
"That's great, Est."
While gazing at that happy-looking expression of Est's---
Kamito remembered.
(Now that I think of it, Est wasn't with us the last time we came here......)
At that time, Est, having saved Kamito, was temporarily annihilated from this world.
Having come into contact with the memories of her previous contractor, Areishia Idriss, she had closed off her heart.
(......But just like this, Est has returned.)
Having accepted her destiny as a demon sword, she had opened her heart.
Now, Est was beside Kamito, and they were sitting with their friends around the table.
---That reality, it could truly be thought of as a miracle.
Kamito placed his hand upon the head of Est who was eating ice cream and,
"Fuaa, Kamito......"
Est breathed out as she narrowed her eyes as though to indicate it felt good.
The young ladies glared at Kamito with dissatisfaction.
Ellis cleared her throat.
"However, we shouldn't be glad just yet. There's still the final battle."
"Yes. Moreover, each of the opposing teams' rankings were overwhelmingly above us."
"......That's true."
A heavy atmosphere hung over the table.
The other three teams that had advanced to the finals were mostly the ones that they had expected.
In third place, the Knights of the Dragon Emperor led by Leonora Lancaster.
In second place, the Sacred Spirit Knights led by Luminaris Saint Leisched.
And of course, in first place, Team Inferno led by Ren Ashbell. It was said that they had annihilated nine other teams and amassed a grand total of over fifty magic stones.
"......Can we win, I wonder. Against that 'Ren Ashbell'."
Fianna dropped her empty cup with a clatter.
"Fianna, are you okay?"
"Y-Yes, my hand just slipped."
Fianna nodded as if to smooth it over.
(......What?)
Because of her attitude that was not like her usual self, Kamito had a bad feeling but---
Just then, as if to dispel the heavy atmosphere in the air, the door's chime rang.
"Congratulations on your advancement to the finals, onee-sama!"
"Oh my, Mireille!"
Rinslet got up from her seat.
The one who opened the door and entered was---
Platinum blonde hair that shone as though it was basked with sunlight. Glassy emerald eyes.
With a blue ribbon, that suited her well, a lovely girl.
Rinslet's youngest sister, Mireille Laurenfrost.
Mireille dashed towards Rinslet and buried her face in her bosom.
"Onee-sama, it was really great!"
"J-Jeez, Mireille......with everyone looking, this is immodest!"
Rinslet scolded Mireille with a red face.
......It seemed even a level-headed noble lady went easy only on her little sisters.
"Ohh, I'd heard about it, but she's really a cute kid."
Claire murmured that and Mireille separated her face from Rinslet and turned in her direction.
"Ahh, onee-sama's friend from the academy, Claire-sama?"
"Yes, that's me."
Mireille gave a polite bow and,
"Nice to meet you! I had heard that Claire-sama was onee-sama's very close frie---mogogogo......"
In an instant, Rinslet had hurriedly covered her little sister's mouth.
"Wh-whwhwh-what is this girl saying, I wonder!"
"Mogogogogo~!"
"She's as attached to you as ever, Rinslet."
The wryly smiling Kamito.
Mireille escaped from Rinslet's hand and,
"Onii-sama!"
This time a sun-like smile turned towards Kamito.
"Onii-sama's blade dance was really cool!"
"......Yeah, thank you."
Kamito scratched his cheek in slight embarrassment.
Even if the one doing it was a nine-year old girl, being complimented so openly was embarrassing.
"......Hey, Kamito, what does she mean by 'onii-sama'?"
Claire glared at him with an irritated face.
"Kamito, you've once again deceived a young girl......"
"Even if thirteen years old is forgivable, I expect that nine years old is a crime......"
Ellis and Fianna also turned ice-like glares towards him.
"Wai-wait a second, onii-sama doesn't necessarily have that meaning---"
"Kamito is my onii-chan."
While still expressionless, Est clung onto Kamito's waist from behind.
"That's also wrong! Rinslet, please clear up this misunderstanding!"
"Th-That's right! That Kamito-san is Mireille's onii-sama means, basically, th-thth-that I am, Kamito-san's......"
With a red face, Rinslet mumbled incoherently.
"Fufuu, onee-sama's being cute."
Mireille put her hand to her mouth and laughed innocently.
---And at that moment.
"Mireille, don't trouble your sister."
From the direction of the front door, a quiet voice came.
"......?"
Everyone turned to face that direction and a small girl wearing a white uniform with a red line was standing there.
Dark brown hair resembling a loose web. Noble, doll-like features.
And the most eye-catching of all, her azure right eye and amber left eye.
The mismatched odd eyes.
"......Milla!?"
Kamito let out a surprised voice.
The one standing silently by the door was Rossvale's representative, the Rupture Division's captain, Milla Bassett.
"Kamito, congratulations on your advancement to the finals."
Milla muttered that in her usual robotic manner and,
Briskly walked to them and grabbed Mireille by the nape of her neck.
"Wh-What are you doing!"
Mireille struggled.
"......Ummm, what's going on?"
"I have become Mireille-sama's personal maid."
"Hah?"
"I suggested it. Milla-san is, from hereon, a maid of the Laurenfrost house serving Mireille."
At Rinslet's words, Milla nodded wordlessly.
"I am truly thankful to Rinslet......I already cannot return to the motherland."
With her head slightly downcast, she gently touched her left eye that had lost its light.
Demon Sealing Eye --- carrying a powerful sealed spirit from birth, it was an extremely rare trait.
It was an existence which could be said to have been the Rupture Division's trump card, but in order to protect Kamito and the others, she had released the spirit within her Demon Sealing Eye and lost the power as a result.
Her actions which were an abandonment of victory were, in the eyes of the motherland, a clear betrayal. The Principality of Rossvale might be targeting her.
Considering that, accepting the protection of the Laurenfrost house which was one of the foremost nobilities in the major power Ordesia was truly something that could be called a good decision.
"Kamito---"
Milla looked straight at Kamito with her heterochromatic eyes.
"I do not regret my decision back then. Because I chose it myself."
"......I see. You're strong, Milla."
"---No. It's because Kamito taught me how to live other than as a tool."
Milla shook her head sideways and had a faint joyful smile on her.
"Milla, come eat cake with us."
Claire invited Milla over.
Despite appearances, she was unexpectedly someone who had good points like watching over others.
"But, I---"
"It's fine, it's fine. We're allies with the Rupture Division, after all."
"Sharing a cup of tea with one's mistress is an important task for a maid!"
Whilst picking up cake, Carol said so with a smile.
(......That's just because Carol wants to eats sweets, isn't it.)
Kamito retorted that in his heart but,
"If it's like that, then---"
Obediently trusting in her senior maid's word, Milla sat down next to Mireille.
"Come to think of it, Milla, you're still wearing her uniform from the Rupture Division."
Comparing it with Carol's attire, Kamito voiced that question and,
"We are currently in the process of tailoring a cute maid uniform."
"Yes......"
In response to Rinslet's reply, Milla nodded while fidgeting like she couldn't calm down.
......It might unexpectedly be something to look forward to.
"......Milla in a maid outfit, huh. It feels like it would suit you well."
"Wh-What are you saying......!"
When Milla's face flushed red, that moment.
The front door's chimes rang again.
"Who is it this time?"
Kamito turned his gaze in that direction and,
"Hmm, I've come, Kazehaya Kamito!"
"Geh!"
The one at the entrance was a small statured girl with her hair bound into a dango shape.
The Four Gods' imperial princess, Linfa Sin Quina.
"What's with that 'geh'! That's extremely rude when facing me!"
With her traditional Quina Empire garments waving, she rapidly approached him.
"Ah, no, sor......rather, what's the princess of the Four Gods doing here?"
"A delivery. I came to congratulate you on your advancement into the finals."
"Shao!"
The one who poked their face out from behind Linfa was the Four Gods' ace, Shao Fu of the White Tiger.
And then continuing on---
"Offering gestures of humanity to the enemy is a Quina Empire tradition."
"We've brought a lot with us!"
"You're holding a party in a fairly cramped place......"
Rao of the Azure Dragon, Hakua of the Black Tortoise and Rion of the Vermilion Bird also appeared.
Each of them was carrying many bags of food.
"There's deep fried pork buns and skewered bird. They're famed products of the Quina Empire."
The many foods being heaped upon the table. All of a sudden, the interior of La Parfait was permeated with the fragrant smell of grilled meat.
"Y-You people, this is a noble's tea party!"
Rinslet raised an objection but,
"It's the middle of a party, so don't say such uptight stuff."
Linfa's group started sitting down without reservation.
"......~!"
"......Well, fine. Since we received their help in rescuing Fianna."
Claire shrugged her shoulders like she was astonished.
"Kamito---"
With that, Shao came over and sat next to Kamito.
The Four Gods' ace thrust a grilled chicken skewer into the table and smiled wryly.
"To be honest, it's a pity that we can't fight Kamito in the finals."
"If I remember, you and Linfa fought against Leonora's team by yourselves on the last day."
"Yeah. It was a fight that wouldn't shame the Four Gods' name. But they really were strong, those girls."
Shao sighed.
But that expression had no regret in it; rather, something joyful could be felt.
If they had chosen a lower ranked team, they could have possibly obtained magic stones, but they had selected those Knights of the Dragon Emperor as their final opponent.
He wondered if that was due to the disposition of the Four Gods' ace.
"We'll be cheering on Team Scarlet in the finals."
"Yeah, thanks."
In order to face their respective battles, the two exchanged a solid handshake.
"......Whew, I'm stuffed."
"Even though it was food bought from a stall, it was pretty good."
Claire who was rubbing her stomach and Fianna who was elegantly wiping her lips with a handkerchief.
Due to Linfa's group's intrusion, the party had become like a banquet, but it seemed like Claire enjoyed it anyway.
Milla had taken Mireille back to the hotel and Linfa's group had eaten all they could and then left like a storm.
The only ones left were Team Scarlet and Carol the maid. As a note, Est had eaten her fill and, possibly because she became sleepy, had already reverted back to sword form.
"By the way, what will everyone be doing after this?"
While looking around at his teammates, Kamito asked.
Before the final battle began, it was customary practice for the Divine Ritual Institute's princess maidens to offer rituals of gratitude to the Elemental Lords.
During that time, the representing competitors were given a two day period of rest.
"I must go report about our advancement into the finals to my father and grandfather."
Ellis said with a meek face.
"Yeah, Ellis' family is a warrior class house, after all."
Kamito nodded.
"I must also visit my parents."
Rinslet also had her filial duties as a daughter of the Laurenfrost house.
These two had come to the party even though they should have had put more precedence on those matters first.
"......Me, too. I am reluctant to meet with those people, but it can't be helped."
It seemed like she didn't like being around the royal court, including the emperor and his wife. All of what had happened during the time she was called the Lost Queen seemed to have soured her opinion.
"It looks like we will be staying in the hotel arranged for by the empire today. Even though I wanted to finally kiss Kamito......"
"......H-Hey, Fianna!?"
In response to Fianna who was sulking with her index finger in her mouth, Kamito's heart thumped and his face flushed red.
In that way---
The girls left and the shop interior became quite silent.
In the end, Kamito and Claire were the only ones left.
Putting aside Kamito who was an orphan to start with, Claire's parents had been imprisoned following the Calamity Queen incident.
"......"
The two who became bored, for some reason or other, continued to sip black tea wordlessly.
"......Th-That's right!"
The first one to speak out was Claire.
"Yeah?"
"I'll be returning to the castle to brush up on my tactics."
While clearing her throat in a deliberate manner, she stood from her seat.
"Yeah."
At that time, Kamito realized it.
......Couldn't help but realize it.
(......What a face she's making.)
On Claire's face, a lonely-looking expression was displayed for a moment.
(......She's a sixteen-year old girl after all.)
Now after all this time, he remembered that.
Usually she acted firm as the team's commander but---
With the advancement to the finals settled, her high-strung tension might have loosened a little.
Ever since that day four years ago, she had fought by herself until she met Kamito.
......There's no way I can leave her alone. If I see that kind of expression.
"......Wait."
Kamito suddenly grabbed onto the hand of Claire who was just about to leave.
"Fuaaa! Wh-whwh-what!?"
Claire's face turned red and she let out an ear-splitting scream.
"If you're free, then accompany me for a while."

"......Wait, what's this about?"
"We've finally come to the city so not having fun would be such a waste."
"We didn't come to play around. As the academy's representatives---"
"I know. But I think relaxing is also necessary."
While still holding the perplexed Claire's hand, Kamito walked along the street.
"Wh-What, that......fuaa, e-everyone's looking at us!"
"Don't mind it."
"D-Don't mind it, you say, uuu......"
Maybe because holding hands was immensely embarrassing, Claire's face was beet red.
But it was necessary with this crowd. If they let go, they would end up separated without a doubt.
(Now then, what to do......)
Kamito scratched his cheek as they walked down the main street.
Somehow he had ended up bringing her along with great zeal but---
He pondered as they walked and they arrived at a large plaza.
Sacred Areishia Plaza --- in the plaza bearing the name of the Sacred Maiden that slew the Demon King, a large crowd of nobles clamored.
The topic of their discussions were, of course, the Blade Dance finals.
Which country's representing team would win, what method would be used to decide the match, and finally, whether the Strongest Blade Dancer who was leading Team Inferno would display overwhelming strength once again in this competition.
In that kind of crowd, it seemed the faces of Kamito and the others who had advanced to the finals were already famous so stares of curiosity flooded in from around them.
There were favorable gazes amongst them, but there were also ones heavily laden with hostility here and there.
(......Well, if a minor team won, there would be those who wouldn't like it.)
While pulling Claire's hand, Kamito shrugged in his heart.
There might be those inside these onlookers who knew Claire as the younger sister of the Calamity Queen.
As expected, due to the highborn noble status they held, there were no openly rude comments being made, but even the favorable gazes didn't give off a good feeling.
"It might be a good idea to enter some place."
"......Th-That's true. If possible, a place where we won't draw attention."
"Yeah......"
Kamito looked around the plaza for a place and---
"......Ohh, they're showing an action drama."
His eyes had stopped on a small theatre.
An action drama was a form of amusement where the scene of a play was copied onto a special spirit crystal and then projected onto a screen.
"That kind of theatre should have a relay of the Blade Dance on a large projector. Since the only ones that can enter the Grand Shrine as spectators are the highborn nobles.
"......I see. So they show the action drama while there's no real combat going on."
Kamito nodded as if in admiration.
And after seeing the theatre's signboard, she let out a gasp.
"......What is it?"
"That theatre, it's showing 'The Three Cat Knights'."
"......Cat?"
Certainly, there was a picture of three cats wielding swords on the theatre's signboard.
"Is that a famous work?"
"Yes. I've only heard rumors about it though and haven't actually seen it myself."
Claire gazed at the signboard like she was boring through it.
(......It's because she likes cats, isn't it.)
"Okay, then let's watch that."
Kamito gave a wry smile as he pulled her hand and,
"Y-Yeah!"
Claire nodded in a happy manner.
His heart throbbed uncontrollably at that innocent smile.
"Although saying that, it looks like there's still some time left until the showing."
"Ah, that's true. What should we do?"
"Shall we look around at a nearby souvenir shop?"
And at that time.
"Hrm, it appears that you've been training your teammate well."
"......!?"
Suddenly, he heard a voice from behind him.
......He couldn't believe it. Even if Kamito had let his guard down in the town, she had approached without letting him feel even a shred of her presence.
(---And, this voice, it couldn't be!)
He turned around and.
There stood a bewitchingly beautiful woman with a mature charm.
Ash blonde hair that stretched down to her waist. Dressed in a jet black dress that seamed to have darkness interwoven, beauty like a carving, and eyes reminiscent of a falcon that shone sharply.
"---Greyworth!?" "Headmistress!?"
Kamito and Claire yelled out at the same time and,
"It's been a while, lad."
She shrugged her shoulders like she was amused.
Greyworth Ciel Mais --- the former number one of the empire's celebrated Numbers. She had been named a hero of the Ranbal War and was the winner of the Blade Dance twenty four years ago.
Having taken the nickname of Dusk Witch, the strongest elementalist in the continent.
"You, why would you be here---"
Kamito scowled at the witch before him.
"Hmph, how cold."
Greyworth slightly lifted her glasses with her fingertips and,
"Even though I expressly came here because I was worried about a pair of young lovers."
"Wha---"
"Kamito, what is she talking about?"
Claire turned to glare at him.
"W-Wait, don't believe her!"
As if happy with watching Kamito's panicked condition, Greyworth chuckled lightly and smiled.
"It was a joke. As headmistress, isn't my coming to see what my pupils are doing a given?"
"I'm sure the Blade Dance is also being shown at the academy. What's going on with the academy?"
"I have left the academy to Freya. Sylphid is also doing well."
Greyworth then turned in Claire's direction and,
"Claire Rouge. I have seen the great efforts of Team Scarlet. Especially in the latter half, your growth as a commander has been magnificent."
"N-No such thing, your words are wasted on me!"
Claire stiffened up and answered.
It seemed that even the academy's problem child was nervous before Greyworth.
For an elementalist girl, the name of the Dusk Witch held that much weight behind it.
(......Although to me, she's just a super sadistic granny.)
Remembering the unreasonable training from three years ago, Kamito cursed in his heart.
(Still......)
Why would Greyworth visit Astral Zero with this timing?
There was no way it was for the purpose of spectating the battle.
To begin with, the one who had baited Kamito with information on Restia and made him participate in this Blade Dance was Greyworth.
(---And she also proposed that I defeat the other Ren Ashbell.)
There was no doubt that something was happening behind this Blade Dance.
And it was likely to be a combination of several predictions. Did this witch know what the masked girl masquerading as Ren Ashbell was planning---?
"......"
He could not acquire any information from Greyworth's grey eyes.
The witch would absolutely not tell lies. However, she also would not speak the truth.
......Asking her any questions would be useless.
He wondered if he should propose a trade seeing as there was no other way to get information.
"It's the final break before the finals. You should enjoy it to the utmost."
Greyworth showed a smile on her face and patted both of their shoulders.
"Incidentally, our academy has no rules against relations between different genders. Do your best."
"H-Hey!"
"Headmistress!?"
Claire's cheeks flushed red.
Greyworth disappeared into the crowd while waving at them.
"......What's with her."
Kamito muttered complaints under his breath and pulled on Claire's hand.
"So, let's go. It seems it would be a good idea to enter the theatre now."
"Y-Yeah......"
Kamito turned towards and began walking to the theatre and Claire quickly followed after him.
The theatre's interior was unexpectedly wide and the two easily managed to get seats.
Perhaps because there was still time until the showing, the patrons were still sparse.
Claire was eating the peach crepe she had bought at the theatre's shop as if to show that it was delicious.
"......You sure can eat. You just ate not too long ago, is that okay?"
Kamito said while astonished and,
"It's completely fine, elementalists don't gain weight......mm, this is delicious ♪"
"You have cream stuck to your cheek."
"......Eh? Fuaaa!"
He wiped the cream from her face with his fingers and Claire's face tinted red.
"......j-jeez, wh-what are you doing......!"
Hit, hit, hit.
"S-Sorry......"
Certainly, suddenly touching a girl's cheek might be a breach of manners.
Claire puffed her cheeks in an angry manner.
......That action was strangely cute.
"Hey, Kamito---"
And Claire suddenly put on a serious expression and whispered.
"Yeah?"
"......Umm, what kind of relationship do you have with the headmistress?"
"Y-You wouldn't happen to still be suspicious about what she said about a lover's outing?"
"That's not it. Come on, you said it before. That you had learned the same sword techniques as Ren Ashbell from the headmistress."
"Ahh, that thing......"
"Exactly when did you come to know the headmistress?"
"Mm......"
While Kamito lightly scratched his cheek, he slightly averted his gaze.
"......Kamito?"
(......Now then, what should I say?)
It was something that happened a year before Kamito debuted as Ren Ashbell.
(......Well, it should be fine if it's a story about before I became Ren Ashbell.)
To a certain extent, telling her the circumstances might, on the contrary, dispel some of her doubts.
(Moreover, it would probably be a good idea to tell her about my relationship with Restia as well.)
He would probably end up fighting Restia again in the finals. With what had happened so far, he couldn't say that Claire and the others weren't involved anymore.
Claire gazed at Kamito with upturned eyes.
......It looked like there was still time left before the showing of the recording.
"It will probably be a boring story about long ago?"
"It's fine. I'd like to know more about Kamito."
"Eh?"
Kamito questioned in return and Claire covered her mouth with a gasp.
"Ah, th-that's not it! It didn't have that meaning!"
"I know."
Kamito shrugged his shoulders with a wry smile and breathed out.
While remembering about those days, he muttered.
"I met with the Dusk Witch four years ago --- immediately after the destruction of the Instructional School."

......Four years ago.
All of a sudden, the Instructional School was destroyed in the span of a single night by an evil spirit of flames.
Within the blaze, the boy snatched the ring the darkness spirit was sealed in and escaped to the outside of the facility. He, who had been raised as a tool of destruction and slaughter, continued to wander aimlessly through barren wastelands.
And then, several weeks later.
In the remote city he wandered to, the boy contacted a border faction of Murders, a secret organization.
Without a sense of justice and knowing no other way to live than through his battle skills, he couldn't come up with any other option.
They had ridiculed the boy who came to their hideout with hair that had grown as long as possible and a tattered appearance.
What can such a young child even do, they said.
But as soon as their guards were beaten in a flash, their appraisal of him changed.
"I shall accept any job. The price is―"
The reward he was seeking from Murders was a single book.
A book that was sealed upon orders of the Divine Ritual Institute, a forbidden text ― Key of Sulaiman.
The job he accepted in exchange was―
The assassination of the continent's strongest elementalist, the Dusk Witch.
And now, the boy ― Kamito was blending into the night in the witch's courtyard.
The imperial capital's suburbs. The grounds were large, but as a home for the former number one of the Numbers that had been granted great peerage, it was plain.
Let alone a spirit protecting the gate, there didn't even appear to be a single servant......though he already knew this from the information he had received.
The time Greyworth would return from the royal palace was drawing nearer and nearer.
Cloaked in darkness, Kamito touched the ring he had hidden within his jacket.
He stroked the words written on its outer edge in spirit language.
(......If this goes well, I can free her.)
The one sealed within the ring was the darkness spirit girl.
The girl who had given human emotions to he who had become an empty tool at the training facility.
But giving emotions to Kamito, who should have been a tool, had angered the instructors, resulting in her being sealed once again.
Although he had succeeded in stealing the ring during the opportunity created by the Instructional School's destruction, Kamito did not know how to undo the seal. In addition, the instructors who would have known how to undo the seal had all been killed by that evil flame spirit.
(But if I can just get the Key of Sulaiman, then I can definitely―)
He would assassinate the continent's strongest elementalist for the sake of getting back her smile.
He had not done an assassination mission yet, but he was confident that it was something he would succeed in.
The sound of a horse-drawn coach coming down the road. Kamito heard it with his extraordinary hearing ability.
(―This mission will be decided with the first attack. If I miss, I'm dead.)
This was the iron rule for when a non-elementalist fought with an elementalist.
It seemed that all the assassination attempts on the Dusk Witch so far had failed.
The Murders bunch hadn't told him what had happened to those who failed. ―Not that he really wanted to know.
The coach arrived before the gate.
Kamito covered the lower half of his face with a black cloth and drew the twin swords at his waist.
Special short swords forged from spirit crystals ― items he had received at the Instructional School.
They had no inscription. They were not actually designed for battle but instead were twin swords intended for use in a princess maiden's blade dance ritual; however, supplying divine power to the blade would allow it to also cut spirits, so it was convenient for missions.
Even so, there was no comparison in performance with an elementalist's elemental waffe.
The door of the coach opened, and a woman with ash blonde hair came out.
Kamito sprung all his muscles into action and shot out from the darkness.
It did not leave any room for a reaction. He closed the distance in an instant and slashed out towards the woman's neck.
He felt a hard impact with his hands.
The twin swords' blades had stopped in midair.
"......!?"
"―Ohh, you're different from all the other ones."
Cloaked in a grey dress, the beautiful woman smiled bewitchingly.
In her hand was a single thick book.
That book had stopped the twin swords.
"Tch―!"
Shivers ran down his spine. That was something that he should have lost already, instinctual fear.
Those bottomless grey eyes pierced through Kamito.
(This person is―)
A monster ― that word floated into his head.
He withdrew his twin swords and slipped into the darkness. Fighting any more than this would be meaningless.
Seeing as he did not take her down in a single strike, he would have to bide time until the next chance.
"My goodness, did you think you could just escape after aiming for a witch's neck?"
The Dusk Witch smiled like she was enjoying herself and put out her hand.
In an instant, a revolting lump of darkness was born from thin air.
(......Is that a demon spirit!?)
They had a different spirit structure and consequently could not be controlled by humans.
The one who could control them was ― only the heretical Dusk Witch.
The lump of darkness coiled around her arm and formed into a vibrating sword.
Even if he were not an elementalist, he could feel it with his skin.
The one before his eyes was a top-class demon spirit.
It was probably the same rank as Restia, no less―
(―Even though she's a retired spirit knight, she's contracted to spirits of this caliber!)
He had heard about it but ― even though it was right in front of him, it was hard to believe.
Normally, a princess maiden's ability was at its peak from ten to the early twenties, and they would only weaken after that. Those elementalists who had lost their power would retire, marry a noble of high birth, and pass their power down to their daughters.
If it was true that she had fought during the time of the Ranbal War, then her power should have weakened long ago.
A sharp flash split the air.
(......Fast!)
He barely reacted by using his instincts, but the blade grazed him.
The cloth over his lower face was cut and fell gently to the ground.
"―Ohh, quite a cute girl."
The sharp grey eyes widened slightly.
"......I'm not a girl."
Kamito spoke for the first time.
He could not escape from his opponent's blade's reach. He would only be killed the moment he retreated.
(―Then there's no other way but to resolve myself.)
Kamito readied his twin blades and stared back at the falcon-like eyes of the witch.
"I have ― come to kill the Dusk Witch."
He immediately kicked off the ground and closed the distance.
The godspeed slash was aimed at the witch's windpipe, but just before that.
The witch's figure swayed.
A moment.
"Absolute Blade Arts, First Form ― Purple Lightning."
"......!?"
Greyworth's sword penetrated straight through Kamito's abdomen.
"Uu, mm......"
When he opened his eyes―
Kamito was lying atop a soft bed.
Clean sheets that smelled nice. Daylight flooded in from the large window.
(......Where exactly is this?)
And with no time to guess,
"I'm surprised. You really were a boy."
"......!?"
Kamito leaped from the bed at the voice he heard overhead.
No, rather, he tried to leap from it but failed.
It seemed that his lower half was numb and couldn't move.
Greyworth smiled like she was having fun and,
"Sorry, I allowed myself to cast Binding magic on you. It would trouble me if you ran wild."
"Kuu......"
"At any rate, moving will open your wounds. Even if I held back, my sword still pierced your stomach."
"......"
Certainly, his lower torso was aching with a dull pain. The bandages thoroughly wrapped around him were stained with blood.
"I have applied healing techniques. You should be fully healed in three days."
"......Why did you save me?"
"Because I've taken an interest in you. At such a young age, having strength incomparable to the other assassins, calm judgment ability and moreover―"
And she paused, then took out that and showed it to him.
"You were carrying a pretty interesting item. The legendary-class demonic accessory, Sulaiman's Ring."
"......Give, it......back, give it back......!"
Kamito widened his eyes and stretched out his hand as if possessed.
But those fingers only grasped air.
"......I'm surprised, you can move while under the Binding. It appears you treasure this very much."
Greyworth smiled bewitchingly and leaned in close to Kamito's ear.
"Sorry, but I investigated your body as you slept. You possess a princess maiden's disposition to commune with spirits, it seems?"
"......!"
Kamito averted his gaze wordlessly.
It was impossible to deceive her. An elementalist of the Dusk Witch's caliber could easily see through an elementalist's disposition.
"An existence that shouldn't exist in this world, a male elementalist ― no, there is one in the history of the continent. That kind of abnormal existence."
As if taunting one who had taken the bait, the witch whispered in his ear.
"......"
"I wonder if this is the second coming of the Demon King that once brought destruction and disaster to the continent. Truly a dangerous existence."
"......What do you intend to do with me?"
Kamito finally spoke.
If he was handed over to the empire, the chance to meet Restia again would be forever closed to him.
That was the only thing he definitely needed to avoid.
But to Kamito, who had a tense face,
"Lad, how old are you?"
A question with no relation to the topic was asked.
"......"
"Defiant, aren't you."
The witch began to fiddle with the ring in her hands.
"......Thirteen. I was taught that by the ones who raised me."
"Thirteen, huh. Age-wise, that's enough. And with this face―"
She muttered to herself about random things and then smiled.
"Lad, won't you become mine?"
"I refuse."
Kamito replied immediately.
"Don't conclude that so quickly. This is a trade. It's not bad for you either."
"......What do you mean?"
"What if I were to say I could release the spirit sealed in this ring?"
"What―?"
In an instant, Kamito's countenance changed.
The release of the sealed Restia. In return for that, what Greyworth wanted―
......Unexpectedly was just housework.
"―I was certain you would be hiring me as an assassin."
Kamito voiced his doubts and,
"If you were stronger than me, then I might have."
She joked with a smile.
"......That's true, but why am I dressed like this?"
Kamito said with a stunned expression as he gripped the long skirt's hem.
For some reason, Kamito had been made to wear fluttery maid clothing.
His black hair that had been allowed to grow without cutting was personally combed by Greyworth and now had a glossy sheen.
―The image reflected in the full-length mirror was completely one of a girl.
"Truly, that suits you to a frightening degree. If you went out to the imperial capital like that, the boys wouldn't leave you alone."
Greyworth once again raised a voice of admiration.
"I'm not a girl. At least lend me normal clothes."
"Denied. I'm not just making you wear those clothes because I like to bully."
"......What do you mean?"
"If any of my guests were to find out that you are a male elementalist, what would happen? If it's a high-potential princess maiden, then whether you're an elementalist or not, it is simple to overlook."
"That's......"
Certainly, if it was discovered that he was a male elementalist like the Demon King, it would cause a problem in no time. Those rumors might even reach the empire's top brass.
"Additionally, you are an unregistered elementalist......it goes without saying that the nation will regard a stray elementalist as a great threat. If you were found out, Ordesia Empire may send out its spirit knights or even the Numbers."
......He couldn't refute any of it.
As expected, without Restia, he didn't feel confident in escaping the empire's elite.
"What, it's not like it'll be for forever. I'll also think of a way. But I'll have you stay in the mansion for the time being."
"......I got it."
Kamito nodded as it couldn't be helped.
"Well, there is one other reason―"
"Yeah?"
"―Mm, don't mind it for now."
Greyworth shook her head to drop the subject.
"So, you can really free Restia, right?"
"Yeah. It will take some time, but if I use the Elstein family's Sealed Library, I should be able to find the book you were looking for. Demonic accessories are outside of my specialty, but well, it'll work out somehow. Even like this, I'm still a university graduate."
"......"
He didn't understand what the Dusk Witch was planning. However, as long as he had no other way to free Restia, he would have to listen to her.
"Now, follow me. I'll guide you through the mansion."
Greyworth turned on her heel and went out to the hall.
Kamito sighed and followed after her.
At any rate ― Kamito thought of a question.
......The inside of the mansion had too few human presences.
"Why do you only have one servant?"
"Ahh, it's because the ones that work at this mansion aren't actually here."
"......?"
"You'll understood soon ― since I'm saying while you're here."
Greyworth smiled wryly.
Kamito found it difficult to understand what she meant and―
The next moment. Suddenly, the hallway's window opened.
"......!?"
Kamito reacted instantly. Lifting the long skirt, he drew his twin swords that were belted to his thighs.
The ones that came from the window were two completely black boys. Held in their hands were short swords with a curved blade.
The assailants' moves froze for a moment.
That was obvious. Since an ordinary maid had just drawn weapons with practiced movements.
With that opening, Kamito closed the gap in an instant. Smashing the hilt of his sword into one's jaw, he rendered him incapable of combat, and with flowing movements, his blade pierced the second assailant's shoulder.
A silent scream. Immediately slamming his fist into the solar plexus, he knocked him out.
It hadn't even taken a few seconds to beat the two assailants.
Looking at their reactions amongst other things, they were reasonably well-trained, but for Kamito who came from the Instructional School, they were not a match as an assassin.
Greyworth was calmly observing Kamito's skill in defeating the assailants.
"......What's with these guys?"
After confirming the two had truly lost consciousness, Kamito asked.
"Who knows? I'm quite hated by various groups. Outside of the empire, of course, and there are enemies within as well. Having an assassin come is a usual occurrence."
"Could it be that this kind of thing happens every day?"
"Cleaning up these kinds of guys is also the job of a maid."
Greyworth pushed up her glasses with her fingertips and smiled.
"But your sword style just now ― those are genuine assassination techniques."
"......I know nothing other than this blade style."
"The style you learned from that assassin training organization you mentioned?"
"......"
(As expected, I was seen through, huh......)
There was no use denying it. Following the destruction of the Instructional School, the empire had sent out its knights, including the Numbers, to investigate. What had been done at that facility; there was no way the military authorities or she who had been connected would not know.
"I don't particularly have an interest in your background."
Perhaps she had taken his silence as an affirmation as Greyworth shrugged her shoulders.
"It's just that that blade style is inconvenient in a variety of ways. It's not suited for blade dancing."
"Blade dancing?"
Amongst the rituals elementalists offered to spirits, that was the programme with the highest social status.
To the orphans of the Instructional School who were completely master assassins, it was a word of no relevance.
Greyworth's grey eyes stared at Kamito as if appraising him.
"―Lad, have you ever wished that you wanted to become strong?"
"......Strong?"
Kamito was perplexed at the question that was suddenly raised.
Wanted to become strong ― thinking that way, there shouldn't have been even an occurrence up to now.
But he had been ordered to become strong. And in reality, if he hadn't become strong, he would not have been able to survive at that hell-like facility.
He pondered on that subject for a while―
"......I don't know."
Kamito shook his head.
"At the very least, I don't think I've wished that I wanted to become strong ― I think."
"―I see."
Greyworth nodded to herself as if coming to an understanding.
And with eyes as if she pitied something about him, she turned to Kamito and―
"You are strong. Most likely, it would be fine to call you the single strongest master assassin on the entire continent. But that is, after all, an empty strength."
His chest became abuzz at Greyworth's words. He opened his mouth as if to retort.
"―It's not like I wanted to become strong."
"Hrm―"
Greyworth placed her hand on her chin as if her interest had been peaked and,
"First of all, it seems it is necessary to open the boy's eyes."
And as if having been struck with an idea, she gave a profound smile.
―From then, a few days' time.
Kamito worked devotedly as a newly hired maid at Greyworth's mansion.
"Kamito, heat the bath. I don't like it hot, so I'm counting on you to keep it mild."
"Yeah."
"Next I'd like you to clean the garden. Prune the shrubs as well."
"Got it."
"Kamito, dinner. I would like subtly seasoned Laurenfrost-style meat cuisine."
"I can't make that kind of thing!"
"There's a recipe, isn't there? Everything is an experience."
"Whatever happens, I don't know anything......"
Of course, Kamito had not done anything like cooking until now. Despite that, he somehow managed to make something resembling meat cuisine and Greyworth ate without leaving any leftovers as she voiced complaints.
The most troubling thing about being in the empire was that one could not use flames satisfactorily.
The cause was the Calamity Queen's revolt that had happened several weeks before the Instructional School was destroyed.
The enraged Elemental Lord razed the empire's territory and erased all flames within their lands.
Due to this, every time Kamito wanted to use fire, he had to head to the Spirit Forest that flourished outside the capital city to catch a fire attribute spirit.
There were still other things that troubled him.
"Kamito, wash my body."
"Wha!?"
Kamito's face reddened and,
"It's a joke. Hrm, you're still a kid in those matters."
"Kuu......!"
Kamito glared at his inhuman master, but his lovely maid clothes nullified its impact and,
"Maybe I should have you be my partner for tonight."
"......Ah, uu......"
"Fufuu, you're really cute."
It seemed like it stirred up her sadistic heart instead.
(......This is also for the sake of freeing Restia.)
While Kamito said that to himself, his household skills had improved.
But his most important job was not housework. In-between housework, he had to fend off the assassins that came seemingly every day aiming for Greyworth's life.
"......You're really hated by various groups."
Kamito muttered with sarcasm and,
"I wasn't as peaceful back when I was a knight as I am now."
"......You've become peaceful now?"
Kamito once again remembered fear.
Like that, one day. Greyworth went out from the mansion.
"I'll be visiting the royal palace. Do the laundry and clean the mansion until evening."
"Don't you hate politics?"
"I can't ignore a direct summons from His Majesty the emperor. And the subject this time isn't unrelated to you."
"......What do you mean?"
Greyworth shrugged her shoulders and explained in response to Kamito's query.
It appeared that a few days ago, the report from the spirit knights on the Instructional School was announced and the details of the inhuman experiments were coming to light one by one.
There were a number of important nobles amongst the founding members of that facility, so the imperial court was buzzing like a disturbed bees' nest.
"......I bet."
In the organization, the Instructional School's battle technicians were well-hidden, but from the contents of the missions, it was possible to guess the clients' statuses and situations.
Although to begin with, the ones who had investigated them were elementalists specialized in information gathering that were roughly equal to his ex-teammate, Lily Flame.
"Well, the founding members were nobles of this empire but they seem to have all gradually moved to the Demon King cult from Alphas Theocracy that was backing the organization."
Greyworth took a breath and,
"The fanatical devotees of the Demon King ― the ones who scouted you after finding out about your prowess as an elementalist were also those Demon King cultists, right?"
"......I don't know."
Kamito shook his head sideways. Certainly, the elders at the Instructional School seemed to believe that the male elementalist Kamito was the second coming of the Demon King.
"Because I was a tool that embodied their wills."
"......"
Greyworth stared at that sort of Kamito for a while and,
"Oh boy, it seems drastic measures are necessary."
"......?"
"Ahh, that's right―"
In front of the hall preceding the foyer, Greyworth said that as if she had remembered something.
"Also clean my study today."
"The study?"
Normally she would say it was fine even if he didn't clean the study.
......What a strange turn of events this was.
"Cleaning just the floor is fine. I've told you many times, don't touch things that don't concern you."
"......Got it."
Even while he thought of a question, Kamito nodded obediently.
After Greyworth left the mansion, Kamito immediately began cleaning.
It had started off as an unfamiliar maid job, but he had finally gotten the knack of it.
As he walked down the hallway that had an expensive carpet spread out along it,
(......I really didn't know anything other than fighting.)
All this time, he had never been allowed to realize that.
The disciples of the Instructional School were only tools for the purpose of slaughter. They were never taught unnecessary knowledge.
Restia had bestowed him with knowledge of the outside world, but their time together had been too short. Particularly in their first meeting, Kamito had not seen her as anything other than an enemy he had to defeat. (―He wondered if the Instructional School was completely dissolved by the empire.)
He didn't have any particularly strong feelings about that but―
The one that crossed his mind was the girl with ash grey hair that had disappeared into the flames.
The girl that had called him her brother and adored him.
The second-place "Monster" of the Instructional School ― Muir Alenstarl.
Was she done in by those flames or captured by the spirit knights, he wondered.
(Either one doesn't seem likely......)
Shrugging his shoulders, he opened Greyworth's study with the key he'd been provided.
Books were ordered and lined up on the bookshelf that covered an entire wall and a bunch of documents were piled up on the office desk.
"......It looks like what she said about being a university graduate is true."
Kamito muttered and stepped into the room with broom in hand.
......It was a larger room than he had imagined. Perhaps to prevent the deterioration of research materials, there was no window. In its place, a spirit crystal's illumination lit up the entire room dimly.
A glass wardrobe was adorned with raw spirit crystals and a collection of demonic accessories. They were undoubtedly items of absurd prices.
―And amongst them, he realized there was a gaudy medal left carelessly.
"This is......"
In the center of a wooden shield, a beautiful spirit crystal was embedded, and Greyworth's name was carved on the metal plate.
"......The medal given to the victor of the Blade Dance, huh."
The elementalists' festival that happened once every several years or possibly several decades in Astral Zero.
It seemed this was an item from over twenty years ago when the Dusk Witch had won.
"Blade dance, huh......"
He remembered what Greyworth had said a few days ago.
―It's just that that blade style is inconvenient in a variety of ways. It's not suited for blade dancing.
Is what she had said.
He wondered what the difference was with the sword techniques that had been hammered into him at the Instructional School.
(―My sword techniques could not reach the Dusk Witch.)
He was sure that she had said "Absolute Blade Arts"―
As if stabbing through the blank in one's consciousness, it was an inexplicable sword technique. Until now, that was the only sword technique that Kamito had not been able to see through after one time.
(......Why?)
―You are strong.
―But that is, after all, an empty strength.
(......I don't get it. I know nothing other than that strength.)
Moving away from the wardrobe, this time he looked upon the desk.
And there.
"......!?"
Seeing an item that would surprise anyone, Kamito gasped.
An ancient book with leather bindings.
The title carved in spirit language was ― Key of Sulaiman.
(......No way, she already obtained it!?)
Of course, it was not the original but a copy. Be that as it may, it should still have information on the legendary-class demonic accessory, Sulaiman's Ring, that Restia was sealed in.
"......"
Kamito stretched his hand out without hesitation. Kamito had not really studied languages, but thanks to Restia, he could roughly decipher the meaning to some extent.
......If he at least understood the method, the process itself didn't seem too difficult. If he used the ritual equipment gathered in the room, he should be able to begin the spirit freeing ritual immediately.
The shrill sound of a bell resounded.
"......!?"
It was the notification that an intruder had entered the mansion's Barrier.
"Kuu, at this kind of time―"
Clicking his tongue, Kamito turned his gaze to the door―
Those eyes opened in surprise.
(―Since when!?)
A shadow with a small build draped in black cloth was standing on the other side of the door.
Kamito immediately changed his thoughts into battle mode.
His opponent was short with a feminine physique.
A girl ― if it was, the chance of her being an elementalist was high.
Kamito quickly reached for the twin blades beneath his skirt and gathered divine power into his hands.
This was the first time an elementalist assassin had come to the mansion. By no means, they should not be of the remnants from the Instructional School but―
"It's unfortunate, but the Dusk Witch is not here."
"......"
Kamito said those words but the assassin was not perturbed at all. She stood there wordlessly while sending out killing intent.
(Greyworth isn't the target? If not, then what exactly―)
An instant. From the assassin's fingers, a sphere was formed.
Aiming at Kamito, she launched the sphere.
(Spirit magic......as I thought, an elementalist!)
As he reflexively moved to dodge ― he realized.
On the desk behind him was the Key of Sulaiman that was necessary for freeing Restia.
He turned around in an instant. He stopped it with the twin swords infused with divine power ― but,
"......Guu!"
Even if it was infused with divine power, something like a sword couldn't deflect spirit magic. The black orb that hit the blades exploded right in front of him. Kamito's body was blown away violently and smacked into the wall.
"......Ku, ah......"
At the spot the ball had exploded, a hole like the air had been gouged out opened and the fragments of the twin swords that had stopped the spirit magic had been eliminated without a trace.
"......Annihilation magic, huh!"
This one was on a different level from all the assassins that had come to the mansion before―!
The assassin wordlessly shot several black orbs at him.
Kamito quickly grabbed the Key of Sulaiman and threw himself to the ground.
The black spheres exploded overhead. The shards from the wooden wardrobe that was broken by the technique grazed against his cheek.
(......Don't tell me, the target is this book!?)
And yet, his opponent was firing her magic carelessly.
He decided the objective wasn't recovery but destruction and―
Kamito tightened his grip around the book in his hands.
(......I definitely will not let go of this.)
―This book was the sole key to freeing that girl.
(Restia......)
The girl with black wings that wore a night-colored dress.
When they had parted, the last smile she had shown him was deeply etched into his mind.
With the remains of the twin sword in his left hand and the copy held in his right hand, Kamito confronted the assassin.
Essentially, with the book's safety as a priority, he would prefer to retreat at this point, but unfortunately there were no windows in this room and the sole exit had an assassin standing in it.
(It seems I have no choice but to defeat her―)
The assassin held out her fingers.
Instantly, black spheres fired out consecutively ― there was nowhere to hide in the room.
But that was with the general knowledge of an average battle technician. Kamito kicked off the floor and moved from the wall to the ceiling in but a moment, avoiding all the orbs with minimal movement.
The specialty of the Instructional School's assassins, meta three-dimensional movement ― moreover, Kamito's version of that had been nicknamed "Shadow Weaving", otherworldly movement.
"......!"
The first signs of agitation were born in the black-clothed assassin.
Kamito kicked off the ceiling and jumped. Closing the distance in an instant, he released a slashing attack.
―But the blade fruitlessly cut only air.
The assassin's image disappeared into thin air like a mirage.
There was no particular reason for surprise. With an elementalist as an opponent, it was a natural thing.
He calmly checked for a presence ― and overhead, the air slightly wavered.
"......!"
Rather than confirming the enemy by sight, Kamito quickly took evasion maneuvers.
A moment later, the place Kamito had been standing just before was peppered with annihilation magic."
The floor that had become nothing was gouged out along with the air.
If that hit directly, a person would vanish without a single trace.
(I can't let it touch me even slightly.)
Kamito gripped the copy even tighter.
(―I will definitely protect this!)
That time. Kamito realized.
(―I see, this is the first time I've fought this kind of battle.)
And.
Without any orders, he wanted to protect something by his own will and was fighting while strongly desiring that.
The assassin swooped down before his eyes. In her hand was a blade made through magic.
The flash of a blade ran. Kamito promptly whipped out his one-handed sword, protecting the book against his chest.
The one-handed sword was eliminated as if it had been absorbed.
The assassin kicked off the ground again and moved into striking distance.
(Cra―)
Just before the assassin's blade touched the copy.
Restia's smile once again flashed across his mind.
(―I won't let you!)
"Ohhhhhhhh!"
Kamito instantaneously infused his left hand with divine power.
Normally, an elementalist with no contracted spirit could not use spirit magic. However, Kamito concentrated his divine power to the utmost limit and created a pseudo-blade of divine power.
It was possible in theory ― but it was the first time it had ever succeeded.
The surging divine power blade deflected the assassin's annihilation sword.
On top of that, the black cloth mask was lightly cut.
The cloth gently fell from her mouth.
"―I'm surprised. To think that other than through spirit magic, you would pull out a blade of divine power."
"......!?"
The one who smiled fearlessly was―
With clear grey eyes, a beautiful girl.
"You are―"
"―This is a reward for that. See through it this time."
And then, the sword flash burst out.
"Absolute Blade Arts, First Form ― Purple Lightning."
"Uu, nn......"
He awoke on top of a soft bed.
(Somehow, it feels like this happened before......)
In his hazy state of mind, he thought that.
"It appears you've finally woken up."
The bewitching voice came from close to his ear.
Turning around, he found Greyworth sitting at the bedside smiling.
"......What was that all about?"
Kamito asked looking displeased.
......No, that wasn't a good question. He somewhat understood her objective.
"Is there something lacking in my sword?"
"That's right. Rather than through theory, it's faster to learn with the body."
"......"
The thing lacking in Kamito's sword.
That was the existence of something to protect.
Certainly, when he had fought to protect the book ― namely, Restia, the sensation he had from that resolution to protect felt like it had sharpened his entire body into a blade.
"―With the body, huh."
Kamito said cynically and pushed on the top of his shoulder which was hurting.
What Greyworth had unleashed last: that blade technique.
If Kamito's reaction had been even a moment too slow, it would have pierced his heart.
"The ones who've seen through my Absolute Blade Arts twice consists of only you. It's praiseworthy."
"......If I hadn't seen through it, I'd be dead."
"Well, that may be true."
Kamito sighed at the witch who was without a shred of timidity.
"Anyway, your form back then, what exactly―?"
At that time, the face he had glanced beneath the black cloth was a girl of about fifteen years of age.
Her stature was also much smaller. If it was the same physique as right now, perhaps Kamito would have seen through her identity at the beginning.
"I changed my body a little. I can restore my youth with a certain cycle."
―In the past, that was the Wish the Dusk Witch had obtained.
And for some reason, Greyworth muttered that as if in self-derision.
"Eternal youth......don't tell me, ageless and immortal?"
"It's not that convenient of a thing. It's not something separate from this world, the Elemental Lords' blessings, that is."
She shrugged her shoulders and―
Opened the Key of Sulaiman she had in her hands.
"―Now then, it was a promise. Have the ring in your hands."
"......Y-Yeah."
Kamito took out the ring and placed it on his palm with a nervous face.
Greyworth lined up the ritual tools on the ground with practiced movements and held her hand over the ring, then began chanting the words of releasing written in the book.
"......!?"
The ring in his hands shone bluish white.
Moreover, the spirit language characters inscribed on the front face flashed as if burning―
In the next instant, a fierce gale raged within the room.
"Uwaa―"
His vision was shrouded by black fog.
No, it wasn't fog, instead there were whirling black feathers.
Shining with darkness, the wings that were more beautiful than anything in this world.
"―This is surprising. I didn't think it would be a spirit of the highest rank that can take on a human appearance."
Greyworth raised a voice of admiration.
"Restia......"
Kamito's lips were quivering and his outstretched fingers touched the wings.
"―I was waiting, Kamito."
The freed darkness spirit girl―
Placed her hand on Kamito's cheek and smiled gently.
"And, well―"
Kamito cleared his throat and,
"―The meeting between Greyworth and I was like that."
Averting his eyes slightly from Claire, he ended the story.
......As he expected, talking about things from far in the past was a little embarrassing.
"......"
While Kamito was telling his story, Claire had not once spoken and simply gazed at him as she listened.
"You, that sounds like it was troublesome......"
"Yeah, because of Greyworth, I faced death many times......"
The Dusk Witch's Absolute Blade Arts had been beaten into his body.
To tell the truth, he didn't really want to remember those unreasonable days of training.
"Umm, that's not it......no, it's fine."
Claire corrected herself as she shook her head.
"So, what happened next?"
"Next?"
"With the freed darkness spirit. I don't really know much about her."
"......Th-That is―"
Kamito hurriedly averted his gaze. If he continued the story any further, he would need to talk about the birth of Ren Ashbell.
Just then, the lights in the theater went out and the surroundings became pitch black.
It appeared the action drama was finally going to start.
"It looks like it's going to begin. We'll continue this next time."
"......It can't be helped."
He heard Claire's sigh in the darkness.
"But I'm a little jealous."
"Yeah?"
"Because both the headmistress and that darkness spirit girl know the Kamito from the past."
"......"
"Hey, Kamito―"
"Yeah?"
"......I'm cold. Warm me up."
Claire placed her small hand on top of Kamito's palm.
"What an extravagant young lady......"
Kamito smiled wryly and held that hand softly.
"......I'm not jealous, okay."
Claire's voice was drowned out by the sound of bells from the showing.

In a room of a high-class hotel built in Ragna Ys' business district.
Greyworth looked down out the window at the night view that stood out against the darkness.
"This might become the last Blade Dance that these eyes see."
She narrowed her eyes and felt slightly sentimental.
She had debuted and won twenty four years ago. She was fifteen at the time.
At that time, the Blade Dance system was still working properly.
Three years ago, an unseen crack had appeared.
And now, the current competition obviously had unusual circumstances arising.
It had been a short cycle of only three years from the last tournament. The participation in battle of a darkness spirit that was not the user's official contracted spirit. The grotesque existence that wasn't an elementalist, let alone human, Nepenthes Lore—
(—Just what exactly is starting here?)
Coming to Ragna Ys had been done under Greyworth's personal judgment. Watching over her pupils' activities was just a public camouflage for the empire's top brass.
(......Although, they'll already have realized something of that degree.)
Greyworth pushed her glasses up and silently moved away from the window.
She was continuing her personal investigation into the other Ren Ashbell that had appeared in the current tournament. When the Murders' merchant, Vivian Melosa, that had been caught behind the scenes was interrogated, her name had come up.
The Murders' merchant was connected to the executive and secret part of Alphas Theocracy's religious organization. Because of that, Vivian Melosa had known a lot of information concerning that Ren Ashbell.
According to her story, the masked girl had appeared at the empire two years ago. It seemed she entered the religious organization's secret agency called Snake, and in a short few months, she had risen to the top of the organization.
The tactical-class militarized spirits that had been bought with the empire's capital amounted to twelve. It seemed that the number of subordinate spirit elementalists, including orphans from the Instructional School, had already surpassed twenty.
(......It's not for terrorism. It's almost like war preparations.)
That kind of girl was leading the elite and participating in the Blade Dance.
What exactly was the Wish that she kept to herself—
(At any rate, it's not world peace.)
She sighed deeply—
"—While this heart still beats, I must pass that on to the lad."
The witch placed her hand softly against her chest.

Chirp, chirp chirp.
A small bird's chirping could be heard outside the window.
The second morning following the conclusion of the Tempest.
Kamito was abandoning himself to pleasant slumber.
"......Onii-sama. Please wake up, onii-sama."
Ruffle ruffle. Ruffle ruffle.
"Uu, nn......Est, let me sleep a little more."
Kamito groaned in the bed. His fatigue from the real battle hadn't been abated yet. At least for today, he wanted to sleep to his heart's content.
"Jeez, onii-sama, you sleepyhead!"
An amazed sigh......somehow, it seemed like she had given up.
Kamito was relieved, and at that moment.
Kiss ♪
A soft sensation upon his cheek.
"......Wha!?"
Kamito's sleepiness was completely blown away.
He shot up in the bed and,
"Ahh, you finally woke up!"
The beautiful girl with shining platinum blonde hair met him with a sunny smile.
"Mi-Mireille!?"
Kamito yelled in a fluster.
The one there was Rinslet's younger sister, Mireille Laurenfrost.
The tidy white dress and accompanying red ribbon were very lovely.
"Good morning, onii-sama."
Mireille gave a polite bow.
"Good morning, Kamito."
Beside her was one other person, a cute girl.
It was Milla Bassett, the leader of the Rupture Division. The fundamentally black clothing complemented her somewhat wavy dark brown hair.
Rather than that---
"What on earth is it?"
Kamito asked as he rubbed his drowsy eyes.
"......Umm, I have a request for onii-sama."
"A request?"
"Yes, onee-sama and Claire-sama are fighting in the room."
"Ahh, again......"
Kamito groaned.
It had settled down since coming to Ragna Ys, but those two had fought constantly in the classroom back at the academy.
......That had resumed, it seemed.
"It's something that happens all the time; won't it be fine if we leave it?"
"At this rate, the castle room will be destroyed."
Just after Milla said that, a fierce quake came from the hallway.
"Never mind a classroom, breaking a building of the Divine Ritual Institute is, as expected, not good......"
Kamito wearily sighed and got up from the bed. Ellis, who would normally plunge right in, was currently out of the castle.
"By the way, what about Carol?"
"She's probably still sleeping. That Carol, she just won't wake up unless onee-sama gets her."
"......This is the first time I've heard of a maid that's woken up by her master."
......Kamito was as amazed as always at the ever-useless maid.
Quickly moving down the tremoring hallway, Kamito arrived at Rinslet's room.
"I was not at fault!"
"......~Wh-What, are you trying to say I was!"
......The argument could be heard even outside the door.
"Hey, you two---"
Kamito opened the door and entered, and just then.
"Freezing ice demon breath --- Freezing Fang!"
"Eat this, scorching conflagration --- Fireball!"
The offensive spirit magics clashed within the room. Kamito was blown away by the impact and smashed into the corridor wall.
"......Guaa!"
"Kamito-san!" "Kamito!?"
The two exclaimed in surprise and quickly dashed to his side.
"H-Hey, what were you thinking!"
Claire sounded worried as she peered at Kamito's face.
"......Y-You guys, were you trying to destroy the room?"
Kamito shakily stood as he pressed on his dizzy head.
"......Th-This has nothing to do with you!"
"Th-That's right! This is our problem!"
The two young ladies averted their eyes as if uncomfortable.
"---I called for Kamito-sama, onee-sama."
And from the other end of the corridor came Mireille's group.
"Mireille......"
"It's because you two wouldn't stop fighting at all."
"Th-That is, n-not my fault!"
Rinslet puffed her cheeks as if pouting and turned away.
"......So, what's the cause of this fight?"
Kamito asked with a sigh.
"It's Claire's fault!"
"It's Rinslet's fault!"
The two pointed at each other and sparks erupted between them.
"Well, calm down. I'll listen to both of your stories."
"......~!"
With that, with tears gathering in her ruby eyes, Claire showed him a book.
Guessing from the cover illustrations, it was one of Claire's favorite romance novels geared towards teens.
"What happened with this book?"
"Rinslet spoiled its conclusion!"
Claire glared at Rinslet with teary eyes.
"......Huh?"
"I, I thought you had already read it!"
"I haven't read it yet! Even though I was looking forward to reading it when we returned to the academy."
"I-In the first place, you're the one who started talking about that book!"
"W-Wait, wait!"
Kamito hurriedly cut in.
"......You guys, you were fighting about this kind of thing?"
"What do you mean this kind of thing!"
"Ah, no......"
"I-It's fine already, you don't have to return this book!"
Claire screamed with teary eyes and left with her twintails standing on end.
"Hey, Claire---"
"Hmph, just do what you want!"
Rinslet folded her arms and turned her head to the side.
"Oh, boy......"
......Well, this kind of fight happened all the time. It shouldn't get too serious.
He heard someone lightly clear their throat.
"I've shown you a distasteful side of me, Kamito-san."
Rinslet looked like she felt awkward as she twirled her hair around her finger.
"......You two, can't you get along a bit more?"
"Th-There's no way we can get along!"
Rinslet's face reddened and she bit her lip.
"I'm working together with her because we're in the same team right now, but we're originally fated rivals!"
"Rivals, huh......"
Come to think of it, these two were long-time childhood friends.
Certainly, there should be no problem if Kamito were to cut in more.
"Well, at any rate, tomorrow is the finals. Be sure to make up before then."
Kamito shrugged and was leaving, and then---
......Growl. That kind of idiotic sound came from the hallway.
"Kamito-san?" "Onii-sama?"
Rinslet and Mireille raised their eyebrows in puzzlement.
"......Could it be that you haven't eaten breakfast?"
"Y-Yeah, I was just awoken by your little sister not too long ago."
Kamito nodded with a tinge of red across his cheeks.
In an instant, Rinslet's face lit up with pleasure.
"I-If that's so, I was just about to make something. I-If you'd like, you can also eat."
"......Really?"
Truthfully, it was a very tempting offer. He could get breakfast through room service if he asked the princess maidens, but Rinslet's breakfast would definitely taste better.
At any rate, she wouldn't lose even against a pro chef.
"Well then, maybe I'll take you up on that."
"I can't make anything extravagant because there's no real kitchen, but I'll make do."
Rinslet nodded cheerfully.
"Ah, onee-sama, I want to eat with you, too!"
In response to Mireille who put her hand up cheerfully,
"Mireille has already eaten breakfast."
Milla the maid pointed that out calmly.
"I-It's fine! If it's onee-sama's cooking, then I could eat endlessly---"
Milla caught hold of Mireille by the nape as she tried to enter the room.
"Fuaa, what are you doing!"
"It is Mireille's study time."
"I don't want to! Coming this far, I don't want to study!"
"That won't do. You won't become an outstanding noble like that."
"Nooooo, onee-sama's breakfast~!"
Milla dragged along the struggling Mireille.
Before long, they'd turned the corner and Mireille's shrieks couldn't be heard anymore.
"She's really the former leader of the Rupture Division; even at thirteen years old, she's got her act together."
......Unlike a certain useless maid, she would become an excellent maid.
Rinslet excitedly began putting on an apron.
"......Is there anything I can help with?"
"Fufuu, do not worry. Please just sit and wait."
Rinslet took out a frying pan from the shelf and started up the fire spirit crystal in the kitchen in the corner.

"Hmm, hmhmhmm~♪"
Rinslet was making pancakes as she hummed. As he gazed at the Rinslet's lovely hair swaying and felt the appealing fragrance of honey---
Kamito picked up the novel that Claire had left behind just before.
(......"The Lady Blooming in the Dead of Night". Yet another generic title.)
He skimmed the contents.
It seemed to be about an unyielding beautiful noble girl that was caught by a cruel demon king, becoming his prisoner, and the succumbing of her mind and body.
(......Hmm, Claire only likes these types of book.)
While thinking that, he closed the book and,
"It's done."
The apron-wearing Rinslet turned towards him with a beaming face.
There were three pancakes upon the plate, all laden with plenty of honey. The crispy burn marks looked really delicious.
"Now then, eat up ♪"
"Yeah. Itadakimasu."
Nom. Kamito stuffed his cheeks with the pancake on his fork and,
"......Delicious!"
Said just one thing in a voice of praise.
The interior was fluffy while the outer surface was fried just right.
The Laurenfrost specialty butter and honey were also superb.
"Just as expected. It's fried to perfection."
"Fufuu, I'm glad."
Rinslet gazed happily at Kamito who was stuffing his cheeks.
"What is it?"
"N-No, it's nothing!"
He asked with a puzzled expression and she averted her eyes shyly.
While Rinslet was spacing out, Kamito ate up the deluxe pancakes.
"......Ahh, that was delicious. Thank you for the meal."
"Fufuu, if you'd like, you can have my share as well."
Rinslet passed him another pancake.
"......Mm, is that okay?"
"Yes, I don't eat much in the morning."
"Then I'll accept."
Nom nom nom.
"......J-Just like that, you can also move on to eat me?"
"Huh?"
"J-Just talking to myself!"
Rinslet hurriedly shook her head.
---After Kamito finished his breakfast, Rinslet poured some after-meal black tea.
The black tea was poured into teacups and the rich fragrance of Laurenfrost tea leaves filled the room.
It seemed the black tea had been prepared beforehand. She might have actually planned to have breakfast together with Claire.
(She might have intended to talk about that book......)
Kamito reached out for the book on the table.
......He tried asking something that he'd been curious about for a while.
"So you also read this kind of book."
"Th-That is......!"
In an instant, Rinslet's face reddened.
"That is, I was introduced to it by Claire at first, a-and if you read it, the contents are deeply intriguing, so I'd like you to not think of me as an immodest girl! I am, to the end, a person of scholarly pursuit---"
She defended herself while bashfully rubbing her knees together.
"I don't think it's something you need to be embarrassed about."
Kamito smiled wryly and returned the book to the table.
"But to be sharing books, your relationship is quite good."
"I-It's just an inseparable relationship!"
Rinslet averted her gaze.
"I see, an inseparable relationship......"
Kamito took a sip of the black tea and,
"So you've been rivals since childhood, right?"
"......Well, yes."
"If you're okay with it, would you let me hear about that? About when you were kids."
"W-Why?"
"Well, you two are always fighting. I was just wondering if it's been the same since long ago."
"......"
Rinslet placed her hand upon her cheek as if thinking about it a little and---
Before long, she breathed in like she recalled a distant day.
"......It will be a little long. I'll boil some more tea."
She stood up quietly from her seat and placed the kettle on the fire spirit crystal.
"This is about when I first met her and acknowledged her as my rival."
"When you first met her?"
"Yes. That was exactly ten years ago. It was when my father brought me to give our greetings to the house of Marquis Elstein---"
As if lost in nostalgia, she began telling the story softly.

Ten years ago when Rinslet accompanied her father on a visit to the Elstein territory. A time when Rinslet was still six years old.
Rinslet's father, Margrave Laurenfrost, was planning to get the opinion of the Duke Elstein household's head which produced successive generations of Fire Queens on the ritual that would be devoted to the Fire Elemental Lord.
The margrave was bringing along his daughter so she could meet her future schoolmate of the same age, Claire Elstein.
"The Elstein house is prominent even within the empire. Get along with Lady Claire."
"Whether we get along or not depends on her."
Margrave Laurenfrost sighed at his daughter's composed six-year old face.
Her domineering personality was a secret worry of the earl's.
---The one who came to greet the two that had traveled a long distance by coach was the head of the Elstein house, Wolfram Elstein himself.
"Well, well, thank you for coming from so far away."
He was a great man with the presence of a high noble. His wife was still working at the imperial court in the capital so she wasn't present.
"I am the Laurenfrost's eldest daughter, Rinslet Laurenfrost. I will be in your care this time."
Rinslet held the hem of her dress and curtsied elegantly.
Even if she was six, she already conducted herself like a model noble.
"Ohh, as expected of the Laurenfrost house's daughter. She's got her act together. I wouldn't think she was the same age as my daughter."
"No, no, your daughter is also quite lovely---"
"......"
Rinslet paid no mind to the socially controlled interactions of the adults.
Her emerald green eyes were staring to the spot directly behind Duke Elstein.
Twintails like animal tails were bobbing.
The girl in a white dress seemed to be cowering behind the duke.
(......What's with her?)
Rinslet sharpened her gaze and the girl shrunk back even more.
......She's like a small rabbit.
(......She's nothing like what one would expect of the daughter of a high noble household.)
Rinslet appraised her as such on their first meeting.
"Claire, greet Margrave Laurenfrost and Lady Rinslet."
"......~F-Father!?"
The girl widened her ruby eyes and panicked.
"U-Umm, that, I......"
"Claire, calm down."
"Y-Yes......"
Claire took a deep breath and,
"I am the second daughter of the E-Elstein house, Claire Elstein."
She gripped the edges of her skirt and lowered her head.
"Haha, what a sweet daughter."
"No, it's quite embarrassing that she has such a deathly fear of strangers."
Duke Elstein shook his head with a wry smile.
"......"
Rinslet mercilessly surveyed the girl before her.
Red twintails tied at each end of her head. Ruby eyes peeking out.
The white dress suited her slender build quite well.
She was outstandingly good-looking......there was no denying it.
However, beyond that---
(She's not very interesting......)
That was Rinslet's honest thought.
(I was expecting a little because she was a family member of the famous Fire Queen.)
Rinslet had already lost interest in Claire.
"Come to think of it, where is your other daughter?"
And Margrave Laurenfrost voiced his question.
"My apologies. She collapsed from offering a ritual to the earth spirits. After a large ritual, she always sleeps for three days."
"Your daughter is already being entrusted with the earth spirit rituals?"
Margrave Laurenfrost spoke with surprise and Rinslet also widened her emerald eyes.
There should only be three years' difference in age between her and the Elstein household's eldest daughter, Rubia Elstein. As expected, it was a shock that the earth spirit ritual was being left to someone of only nine years of age.
"It seems my elder daughter has potential as a Queen. I plan to enter her into the Divine Ritual Institute next year."
"Ohh, the Divine Ritual Institute. That's quite major."
The Elstein house had a history of producing numerous Fire Queens.
The eldest daughter might become a Queen candidate in the future.
(......Rubia-sama is amazing. Completely different from her younger sister.)
That younger sister had a slight smile on, perhaps because she was happy that her sister was praised.
"Well then, Margrave Laurenfrost, let us discuss this time's ritual in the upper guest room."
"Yes. Rinslet, you play with Lady Claire."
"......Eh? F-Father!?"
Rinslet showed a rare flustered condition.
(......I have to play together with her? This isn't a joke!)
"U-Umm......"
Claire also seemed bewildered.
"Rinslet, you're a noble with honor, so you cannot shirk your responsibilities. Now, let's go, Duke Elstein."
"N-No way! Father---"
As if cutting off Rinslet's appeals, the door shut ruthlessly.

"......Umm, wait. Wait a second."
Kamito set the teacup down on the table with a clack and---
Interrupted Rinslet's story.
"What is it?"
She knit her brows, seemingly unsatisfied from having her story cut off.
"......No, well, is that really Claire?"
Kamito asked with an expression of half belief, half disbelief.
......What he'd heard so far didn't sound like the current Claire at all.
(......Rather, it's like an entirely different person.)
"It sounds unbelievable, but it's the truth. That girl used to be shy and docile long ago."
"I-Is that so......"
Well, even now she had some areas resembling a fear of strangers and he also knew she had her gentle and girly points.
(Even so, you know......)
"May I continue?"
Rinslet cleared her throat.
"Y-Yeah......"
Kamito nodded while still perplexed.

---When Duke Elstein and Margrave Laurenfrost came out of the guest room, it had already been several minutes.
Claire hid behind the curtains and seemed to be observing the mood of Rinslet who was twirling her hair with her finger.
(Haaa, I'm bored......)
Even though Rinslet was approaching her limit, not much time had passed.
"Hey, Claire-san?"
"......Eh?"
Claire's shoulders shook as if frightened when Rinslet called out to her.
"I am your honored guest. Could I at least get some black tea?"
"......Ahh! Y-Yeah!"
Claire nodded and hurriedly brought back a tea pot. Inside the tea pot were small fire spirit crystal fragments which warmed it.
"Ohh, you're using fairly good tea leaves."
"Yes, we used the best black tea because a guest was coming."
Rinslet voiced her compliment honestly and Claire smiled happily.
"Ahh, we also have snacks. They're really delicious!"
Claire ran off and came back with a plate of cookies from somewhere.
"They seem delicious. Did you make them?"
"No, it's a souvenir that father bought at the capital. I really like the snacks there."
"Hmmm......"
Rinslet elegantly picked a cookie up with her fingertips and placed it in her mouth.
"This flavor is quite good. I like it."
"......I'm glad."
Claire felt relieved since she had been nervous.
While Rinslet sipped black tea, she looked around the guest room.
As expected of a prominent family of the empire, the interior design was extravagant. The taste in furnishings was also good.
However, unfortunately, there was nothing that would alleviate her boredom.
"Haa, I'm bored......"
While holding her head in her hands over the table, she sighed.
"U-Umm......"
And Claire started to mumble as if trying to saying something.
"What is it? If you're a noble's daughter, then clearly say what you want."
"U-Umm......"
Claire repeatedly opened her mouth and,
"I-I have dolls!"
"Dolls?"
"Y-Yeah, I'll bring them now!"
Claire nodded happily and dashed out of the room.
"......What?"
While staring blankly, she waited and---
At last, Claire returned with both arms filled with stuffed toys.
All of them were lovely cat dolls.
"Here. Choose the cat you like."
Claire lined up the cat dolls on the carpet and,
"I'll lend you this. It's my favorite cat......"
She pushed a red cat plushy onto the perplexed Rinslet.
"Nya---nya---♪"
"......"
"Nya---?"
"......Are you making fun of me?"
Rinslet threw aside the cat plushy.
"......Eh?"
"Something as childish as playing with dolls, there's no way I'd do it!"
"......S-Sorry."
Claire once again became sullen.
(......I, I might have been a bit too harsh just now.)
......Being shown such a sad expression, she'd obviously feel bad.
Rinslet cleared her throat and,
"A-Aside from dolls, is there anything else that could relieve my boredom?"
"Y-Yeah, umm, then......a storybook?"
"Storybook?"
Rinslet asked without thinking.
"Do you, by any chance, read books?"
"Yeah, Rubia-nee-sama taught me how!"
Claire ran off again and this time returned with a heap of books.
"What an impressive amount......"
"I really like interesting books. What about you?"
"W-Well, I do read. If it's a book on politics, history or spirits."
Rinslet said while putting on airs.
"Wah, amazing! I-I like storybooks!"
The girl that had been hesitant until just now had her eyes sparkling as the conversation turned to books.
"Like this, or this, and this and this, all are really interesting!"
She piled her favorite books one by one in front of Rinslet.
"Hmph, storybooks are for children!"
Rinslet, who had no interest in novels, turned her head to the side.
"But, they're really interesting......"
Claire cleared up the books while looking sad.
"......Is there anything more interesting?"
"Umm......"
Claire pressed her lips together as if troubled and,
"Hah......"
Pressed her cheeks in slowly.
"......W-What are you doing?"
"An interesting face......"
"......"
Rinslet sighed deeply.
"......Haa, I wonder how long our fathers' conversation will take."
"I was told it would continue until evening."
"Evening!?"
Rinslet's face stiffened.
"You're joking; I'll die of boredom!"
"Yeah, so let's read a book together!"
"A book......"
At that moment, Rinslet remembered something.
"Come to think of it, I heard that there is a collection of treasured magic books in the Elstein house's underground Sealed Library."
The rumor of the Elstein house's sealed library was widely known amongst the empire's nobility.
All sorts of rare books covetous to elementalists were supposed to be gathered there.
There might be a book there that would peak Rinslet's interest.
"It's just the perfect thing for getting rid of boredom!"
Claire rushed to stop Rinslet who stood up with great vigor.
"Y-You can't! Father said we had to stay in this room. Moreover, there are dangerous sealed magic books in the underground library---"
"Oh my, are you scared?"
Rinslet challenged her.
"That is......"
"You don't really have to come along. I'll just search on my own."
"Ah, w-wait---Rinslet-chan!"
Rinslet left the room and Claire chased after her.
Rinslet turned around in front of the door and turned to glare at Claire.
"Wait, who gave you permission to call me by name?"
"......Eh?"
She thrust her finger out at Claire who was staring blankly.
"Okay? Call me the daughter of Margrave Laurenfrost."
"But, onee-sama said you call friends by their name---"
"W-Who is your friend!"
"Fuaa......"
Rinslet screamed out and Claire backed away with teary eyes.
"......Hmph, I won't acknowledge a crybaby coward as my friend."
Rinslet turned away and quickly walked away alone.

"---It's here, isn't it."
The aforementioned Sealed Library was inside an annexed library.
A sturdy iron door stood before Rinslet.
"......Darn, it's locked."
It was obvious it would be. There were hundreds of dangerous spirit magic books in there, after all.
"Yeah, that's why, let's go back to the room already."
Claire tugged on the hem of her dress.
"Enough with the sleep talk. This kind of lock means nothing to me---"
Rinslet gave a fearless smile and started chanting in spirit language quietly.
Doing so, all at once, the six locks were filled with keys of ice that fit just perfectly.
Turning them, the door opened with a heavy sound.
"Amazing......!"
"Hmph, this much is obvious if one plans to enter Areishia Spirit Academy."
Long stairs that continued downward were behind the door.
There was no light; it continued in pitch black darkness.
"A-Are we really going in?"
"Oh my, are you getting cold feet?"
"......I've heard something. That there's a bad spirit inhabiting an old book."
"Hmph, you really are scared."
Rinslet said it like she was amazed.
"Truthfully, I'm disappointed. That a family member of the Elstein house which the Fire Queen belongs to would be this kind of coward. If the little sister is like this, the older sister must also be not much---"
"Stop talking bad about nee-sama!"
Rinslet closed her mouth in realization at Claire's icy voice.
"I am nee-sama's little sister. I am no coward."
The girl glared at Rinslet with tears in her ruby eyes.
"......Is that so."
Rinslet shrugged.
"Fine. If so, then come along."
"......O-Okay."
Claire nodded as if she'd made her resolve.
(......For now, it seems like she has the will.)
The two continued down the stairs.
"It's dark, isn't it. Is there no lamp or spirit crystal light?"
Rinslet sighed and,
"---O flames, illuminate."
Claire created a small shining flame on her palm.
"Oh my, you can use spirit magic?"
Rinslet was surprised. To be able to use spirit magic at this age, she had a lot of potential.
"Nee-sama taught me the basics."
"Hmm, you really are the daughter of the Elstein house that governs flames. Although it's not up to my level."
---And at that time. She realized something.
Even if it was beginner-level, that she had managed to use a spirit magic endowed with the flame element meant that---
"Could you possibly already have a contracted spirit?"
"Yes, I have one."
Claire nodded.
"Really?"
She was becoming more and more surprised. Having a contracted spirit basically marked her as a full-fledged elementalist.
"Show me for a bit. Your contracted spirit."
"I can't. It's bad to summon a spirit unnecessarily if you're inexperienced."
Claire replied with sound logic. But Rinslet didn't back down.
"Oh my, if you won't show it, I suppose it's that low of a spirit?"
"Y-You're wrong, Scarlet is a very strong spirit!"
"If that's so, then prove it."
"......~!"
Claire was lost in indecision for a while but---
It was not okay for an elementalist to take a contracted spirit lightly.
Finally she nodded resolutely and,
"......Fine, I'll make a special exception to show you."
She took out a stick of chalk from within her dress' skirt.
She drew a magic square on the wall with difficulty and began chanting the spirit language summoning ritual.
---Guardian of the crimson blaze, keeper of the undying hearth!
---Now's the time to abide by the blood contract, come forth and do my bidding!
In an instant, a spirit seal in the shape of flames surfaced on the back of her right hand.
A small fireball appeared from the center of the magic square and suddenly became the figure of a hell cat enshrouded in flames.
It was about the size of a squirrel, a small and adorable kitten.
"This is Scarlet."
Claire hugged the hell cat veiled in flames in her arms.
"Oh my, it's quite small, isn't it."
Rinslet smiled with composure and,
"S-Scarlet may be small, but she's powerful!"
Claire puffed her cheeks.
"Well, I'll give you credit for being able to summon your contracted spirit. But it cannot compare to my Fenrir."
Fenrir was the high-level spirit Rinslet had contracted on her sixth birthday.
She drew a magic square on the wall like Claire and chanted the spirit language summoning ritual.
---Oh freezing beast with Ice-teeth, merciless hunter of the forest.
---Now is the time to abide the contract of blood, hasten to my side as commanded!
A spirit seal representing ice appeared on the back of her right hand.
And a fierce icy wind stormed through the stairway and---
A large white wolf appeared from thin air.
"Amazing......!"
Claire's ruby eyes widened.
"Fufun, isn't he?"
"......Cute!"
Rinslet fell down.
"H-He isn't cute or anything like that; Fenrir is a ferocious white wolf!"
"Kuun......"
Fenrir let out a sad cry at being called not cute by his master.
"That's not true. He's really cute."
Claire touched Fenrir's fur and,
"D-Don't just touch him as you please!"
Rinslet shot out her finger and returned her contracted spirit to Astral Zero.
"Ahh......"
"Now then, let's go."
"W-Wait---!"
Claire also sent Scarlet back and hurried after Rinslet.
---The two continued to descend down the endless stairs.
"This is pretty long. Rather, is there even a bottom?"
"Rinslet-chan, isn't it about time to head back......"
"Stop calling me Rinslet-chan!"
"Y-Yeah......sorry, Rinslet-chan."
"Haaa, whatever already!"
Rinslet sighed, astounded.
Finally, the stairs ended and the two arrived at the Sealed Library.
It was a large space with a high ceiling. The air was chilly.
Claire held the flame light aloft, showing the many tall bookshelves.
"So this is the famous sealed library."
"Yeah, what an amazing amount of books......!"
It seemed that it was also Claire's first time setting foot in here so she couldn't hide her excitement.
Indeed, the bookshelves were lined with books that seemed to have history to them.
"---I wonder if these are about rituals."
Rinslet slowly took one of them in hand.
The instant she blew away the dust on the cover and opened it,
"Kyaa! W-What is this!"
With a beet red face, she threw the book.
"W-What's wrong!"
"Th-There was a picture of holding hands with a gentleman!"
"......H-Hands!?"
Claire timidly turned the book with a dubious expression.
"Fuaaa, t-this one has them l-linking arms!"
"Wh-whwh-what immodesty!"
The two screamed kyaa, kyaa.
For the sheltered noble young ladies, it was much too stimulating.
Rinslet roughly closed the book.
"Th-This is a book for adults! Let's search for a different book!"
"Y-Yeah, that's right......!"
The two were flushed red as they exchanged nods.

---Dozens of minutes later.
Rinslet piled the books she had taken from the shelves onto the floor.
"......Phew, there was worth in coming. This is an amazing collection."
For some reason, she slapped the books with old leather covers that had complicated characters on them.
She didn't really understand the contents, but she had just gathered every book that had extravagant binding and looked difficult.
"Rinslet-chan, can you read books written in spirit language?"
Picking up one of the books from that pile. Claire spoke out in surprise.
Rinslet pressed her lips together. She had received education for gifted children ever since she was a child, but as expected, she still couldn't decode spirit language.
"C-Can you read it?"
"Yeah, just a bit. Nee-sama taught me."
Claire nodded.
Rinslet instantly puffed her cheeks as if displeased and,
"H-How impertinent!"
"Fuaa, Rinfure-hyan, it hauts!"
She was pulling on Claire's cheeks.
And then.
"......?"
Claire's shoulders slightly stiffened.
"What's wrong?"
While questioning her, Rinslet released Claire's cheeks.
"Y-Yeah, just now, there was something---I felt a chill."
"A chill?"
Rinslet knitted her brows.
The underground library was cool, but not to the point of shivering.
"Come on, please don't scare me!"
"But, I really---"
Whooooooooosh---
"......Kyaa!?"
Rinslet screamed out without thinking at the blast of cold air from somewhere.
"Rinslet-chan......"
"I-It's fine, it's just a draft."
"But there was no draft until just now."
Claire whispered that, sounding worried and started looking around at the surroundings restlessly.
......Just like a frightened small animal.
(......Jeez, it can't be helped.)
Rinslet shrugged slightly and---
Held the shivering Claire's hand.
"......?"
"Relax. I'm here."
"Y-Yeah......"
It seemed she'd calmed down as her hand stopped shaking.
"......Rinslet-chan's hand is warm. It's like nee-sama's."
"Wh-What are you saying! I'm a cold ice demon!"
Rinslet's face reddened and she averted her eyes.
"At any rate, this is......"
The sound of the blowing wind was gradually getting stronger.
The books on the ground were flapping and their dress' skirts were flying up.
Just what exactly was happening---
"......It seems like a good idea to go back."
Rinslet muttered and just then.

"---Who is the one who has disturbed my slumber."

A ghastly voice resounded within the underground room.
"Kyaa!"
"Wh-What!?"
"---Who is the one who has disturbed my slumber!"
This time, a louder voice from far away shook the lines of bookshelves.
"......Fuaaa!?"
The two pressed against each other and cringed.
"Rinslet-chan, th-that book---"
Claire pointed at the ground and yelled. It was one of the books that Rinslet had brought over. The page that had been opened by the wind was giving off bluish white light.
"Could it be that there was a sealed spirit sealed in that book!?"
"What did you say!?"
Sealed spirit---it was a general term for spirits that were sealed into magical items as a result of their ferocity.
It was an existence that an elementalist with little experience should fear the most.
"Th-That kind of dangerous thing was in that book---kyaaa!"
Lots of dust was falling from the ceiling as a result of the room's rumbling.
And then---
"---Who is the one who has disturbed my slumbeeeeeeeeer!"
A magic square of light formed around the book.
A giant ice figure appeared in the middle of the blinding light---!
"......!"
That was a dragon---no, it was a large lizard crafted of ice.
Of course, there was no way that was a natural living creature.
It was a spirit. ---And an extremely strong one.
"Ice salamander---......"
Claire muttered in a trembling voice.
"You know what it is?"
"I read about it in a book. It's a terribly ferocious ice beast spirit......"
"......"
Rinslet gulped at Claire's words.
The giant ice beast that appeared from the magic square leered at the two with its red eyes.
"So you two are my offerings......"
Waving its long tongue, it slowly moved towards them.
It seemed it happened to be able to understand human language, but it didn't seem like the kind that one could have a conversation with.
(......There's no way but to do it!)
Rinslet resolved herself and quickly chanted the summoning.
"---Answering to my command, come forth, demon ice spirit Fenrir!"
In a moment, the white wolf appeared from thin air. With a sharp roar, it attacked the ice beast.
"I, I did it!"
Summoning without a magic square was a dangerous bet but---
There was no prey the demon ice spirit could not hunt.
---But in the next instant. Rinslet's victory smile froze over.
The ice beast swung its tail and blew Fenrir away.
Fenrir smacked into the wall and was scattered into particles with only one attack.
"No way......!"
A hoarse cry came from Rinslet's throat.
The demon ice spirit Fenrir was a high-level spirit that had served generations of the Laurenfrost house. It was an existence far above sealed spirits like that one.
But its contractor, Rinslet, was no more than a six year old girl. Because of her inexperience as an elementalist, it could not unleash its full potential.
"---Foolish girl."
The ice beast's long tongue licked Rinslet's cheek.
"Ah, ahh......"
Her entire body cowered in fear.
(It's my fault......)
Rinslet heavily regretted her actions.
It would have been best to just do as Claire had said and obediently play with dolls back in the room.
(It's my fault that even she---)
She turned her gaze backward and Claire was on her knees shaking.
"Claire, you have to escape at least!"
"I, I can't......!"
Claire shook her head intensely.
"It's fine, so run. Protecting the weak is also a part of noblesse oblige!"
Rinslet yelled in a quavering voice and stood before the ice beast that was closing in.
"Rinslet-chan!?"
"Hurry, now!"
"No! I can't just run and leave a friend behind!"
"Claire---"
In an instant, the giant ice beast's claws flashed.
"Kyaaaaa!"
Rinslet's small body was easily blown away and smacked into the bookshelf.
A dull sound from the impact echoed and a great deal of books fell.
The shredded white dress was dyed with the pure red color of blood.
"---......!?"
A sharp scream gushed forth from Claire's throat.
"......Ah, h......kuu......"
"Rinslet-chan, get a hold of yourself! Rinslet-chan!"
She could hear Claire's voice from far away.
She could tell that blood was leaving her from her entire body.
(I was really foolish......)
In her hazy conscience---
Regrets swirled around.
......I thought I could do anything. I had nothing to fear.
She had not realized until now that that was just the conceit of youth.
(At least, that girl......)
She wanted to at least save the girl that had called her a friend.
"Quick......ly, run......away......"
"......Forgive."
"Eh?"
Even while on the verge of losing consciousness, that voice reached her ears.
"---I definitely won't forgive you!"
"......!"
She finally realized that was Claire's voice.
The red twintails were swaying like a burning fire.
(......Wh-What?)
Her body was hot. The surrounding temperature was rising.
The ruby eyes that housed flames glared at the ice salamander as if piercing it.
The ice beast that was slowly drawing closer stopped for a moment as if it felt fear.
"---Born of nothingness, the flames governing destruction!"
The spirit language chant spun from her lips.
It was not an informal chant. It was a true chant that drew forth the utmost of one's divine power.
Rinslet's conscience was awakened by that unbelievable scene.
"---Don't tell me, Fireball!?"
It was a middle-class fire element spell.
The ice salamander roared.
It swung its claws to stop the chant---
Just before that, the spirit magic was completed.
"Take this, incinerating conflagration --- Fireball!"
The swelling blaze engulfed the surrounding oxygen and attacked the ice beast.
Rinslet reflexively protected her forehead from the raging explosion she expected.
However---
"......?"
Even ignoring whether it struck the ice beast, there was no explosion.
(......What is that!?)
On the other side of the wavering air---
The red lotus of flames had greedily devoured the ice spirit.
It was like a giant carnivorous predator had massacred its prey.
Those flames moved as if they had their own will and relentlessly devoured the spirit.
---Was that really Fireball magic?
"......"
At last, with the final death cries of agony from the ice beast, the flames vanished.
"Haaa, haaa, haaa......"
Claire had exhausted her strength from firing those flames and fell to her knees.
"......Y-You can use that kind of amazing magic?"
Rinslet asked as she pressed down on her clotting flank.
"Y-Yeah......but, father said to never use it......kuu......"
"Your hands are!?"
Rinslet gasped.
......Claire's hands were severely burnt.
"I-I'm fine, this much......"
With her face distorting from pain, Claire put on a smile to act strong.
Rinslet sighed.
"......I swear. Even though you're a crybaby, you're rash."
"......"
There was no response. Whether she'd used up her vitality or divine power, Claire had lost her consciousness as if having fallen asleep.
Rinslet gently touched her cheek and,
"Claire Elstein---"
Softly whispered that.
"I will recognize you as my destined rival."

"That was my first meeting with her---"
Rinslet finished the story and quietly put down her tea cup.
"After that, we were rescued by our fathers who realized something strange was going on, but Claire and I were really frightened."
"......I see. Well, it's a relief you two were safe."
Kamito felt relieved.
"At any rate, as expected, isn't Claire's personality too different?"
"Yes, that child changed four years ago after the incident with Rubia-sama. She closed her heart to everyone and set herself on only becoming stronger."
"......"
But --- and Rinslet continued on.
"Lately, it seems that she has opened her heart again---that's right, ever since she met with Kamito-san."
"Come to think of it, when we met, she tried to make me her slave."
Kamito smiled wryly to hide his embarrassment and,
"---Thanks for the meal. I should get back to my room soon."
He stood from his seat.
......Listening to the story had taken quite a bit of time.
A boy staying in a girl's room any longer would be a breach of manners.
"......Th-That's true. Even though it's fine if you stay a little longer."
Rinslet muttered as if it was a pity.
---And at the time. The sound of knocking on the door.
"......Yes?"
"Rinslet, I, I---"
"Claire?"
Rinslet opened the door and the one standing there was Claire who had a small box in her hands.
"What is it?"
"......Umm, snacks, I bought too many yesterday, so do you want some?"
As she averted her eyes, Claire brought the box in her hands out front.
......It looks like a chance to fix their friendship.
Rinslet seemed to understand her intentions.
"Oh my, it matches well since I was just making tea."
"Ah, is that so......eh?"
In an instant, Claire's face that peeked into the room stiffened.
"Yo, Claire---"
"Wh-What......have you two been alone until now?"
"Yes. We ate breakfast together."
"......Hm, hmph, I see. Alone with Kamito."
Claire's expression was quickly degenerating into one of displeasure.
"K-Kamito is mine, so please don't just feed him as you like!"
"Oh my, Kamito-san isn't yours; he's mine."
Sparks were flying between the two at the entrance.
While he watched the state of those two---
(......Somehow, it seems like another fight has started.)
Kamito sighed, exasperated.

Dawn. In a field away from the castle the representatives were lodging at---
A black-haired girl with her hand raised towards the darkness was there.
"Crush the universal light, O spirit of the evil black dragon---"
The radiance of divine power that shot into the surroundings indicated the magnitude of the spirit being summoned.
"Thou shalt abide my command and eliminate my enemies!"
The moment the icy cry echoed into the dark's stillness.
Oooooooon!
Tearing through the night, a pitch black dragon manifested from thin air.
Dragon spirit Nidhogg --- the celebrated highest-class dragon spirit of Dracunia.
The atmosphere shook from the enormous dragon spirit's roar and---
A red blast of light was fired.
Gouged out from the ground with a deafening sound, earth and sand became lava which danced in the air.
After the flash cleared---
The field ahead had been incinerated away in a straight line.
Comparable to even a tactical-class military spirit, it was a frighteningly destructive power.
However, the girl's gaze that looked upon the destruction's vestiges remained stern.
......Somehow, she didn't seem satisfied.
"As I thought, I can't concentrate......"
The girl --- captain of the Dragon Knights, Leonora Lancaster, sighed heavily.
......She couldn't return to normal.
She had been in a slump the entire time during the Blade Dance.
Being able to advance to the finals was thanks to the cooperation of her teammates and the height of her true strength, but as expected, winning would be difficult if she were to remain like this. This Blade Dance wasn't so low-grade that she could achieve victory without being in her best condition.
It wasn't that her skill had degraded. The flow of divine power surrounding her was also regular.
But ever since that day, something had been off.
Yes, that male elementalist --- since the day she had crossed blades with Kazehaya Kamito.
"......!"
The instant his face surfaced in her mind, her face grew hot.
It became hard to breathe and her heart was pounding fiercely.
It resembled the stimulation when the Dragon Blood rampaged but was slightly different.
(Just what exactly is this, I wonder......)
This bad condition had carried on for several days was without a doubt related to that man.
In that case---
"---I knew it; there's no other way but to confirm it."
......What she thought of was a method befitting a girl from the country of dragons, a direct resolution.
After having eaten breakfast in Rinslet's room, Kamito lay atop the bed in his own room.
......It was the greatest happiness for a person. Sleeping for the second time, that is.
"......Now then, how shall I pass the evening."
He looked at the clock and saw it was still morning.
If he were to get into bed just like this, there would even be a third time but---
"......But that would really be a waste."
And he corrected his thinking.
At any rate, every country in the continent had set up many extravagant entertainment facilities for the Blade Dance. He fully intended to enjoy them.
"I should also invite Claire and the others---"
Thinking that, he stood from the bed and,
"......Hm?"
There was something squirming in the bed.
Could this be---
"Est!?"
He pulled the sheets aside and,
"......"
As he had predicted, the one concealed there was a sword spirit with silvery white hair.
"Kamito, good morning."
Est gazed expressionlessly at Kamito with her mysterious violet eyes.
"Est, don't just enter my bed whenever --- hey, what's with that get-up!?"
In the middle of his words, Kamito widened his eyes.
......Est was not in her usual naked knee socks attire.
It was an extremely rare occurrence for this sword spirit to cover her body with clothes.
A foreign design that had a red line against a white background. Her collarbone peeked out and her skin that could be seen from the slit was strangely captivating.
......No matter where he looked, it resembled the clothes that Ren Ashbell had worn during the Blade Dance three years ago.
"Yes, Kamito. This is the maiden costume from tofu's country."
Est answered as she pulled her fingers out from the outfit's oversized sleeves.
......That action was somehow lovely.
"......Could you mean the place where I was born when you say tofu's country?"
That meant the far eastern island country that Kamito had been before being taken to the Instructional School.
Kamito had no memories of that time for the most part but---
"Yes. Do you like the maiden costumes from your home?"
Est tilted her head and let the sleeves fall onto the bed.
At that moment, the shoulder portion loosened and revealed the underlying collarbone.
Kamito's face reddened and he hurriedly averted his eyes.
"......Kamito?"
"Y-Yeah, it's really cute......"
Gulping, he finally managed to voice that.
"Fua, Kamito......"
The ever-expressionless Est looked a little happy.
Truthfully, he should be scolding her for entering his bed as she pleased, but she had taken the trouble to wear his birthplace's clothes.
......Thinking of that, he couldn't get angry.
"Kamito, I really like you......kiss ♪ "
"......!?"
Est, whose maiden costume had gently fallen off, kissed Kamito's cheek.
Snow-like white skin. Her modest chest intermittently entered his vision.
"E-Est, don't remove your clothes!"
"......Why?"
The sword spirit tilted her head in wonder.
"Th-That is......"
Just as Kamito was troubled.
Craaaaaack!
All of a sudden, the room's window was shattered.
"......Wh-What!?"
The surprised Kamito turned around.
And.
"......Uwah!"
......A large dragon was outside the window.
A red dragon flapping its enormous wings.
"Th-thth-this pervert, just what are you making an innocent spirit girl do!"
The girl riding on its back glared sharply at Kamito.
It was a girl he knew.
(If I remember, she's the vice-captain of the Knights of the Dragon Emperor, Yuri El Cid!?)
"Phew......"
The dragon knight girl --- Yuri snorted as though displeased and jumped into the room.
"Wh-What is it, you, what do you want!?"
Kamito yelled as he shielded Est behind him.
(......Don't tell me, it's an attack?)
But he didn't think those famous Knights of the Dragon Emperor would use such means.
"Kuu, why is Leonora-sama, with this kind of pervert......"
Yuri muttered as she flailed her hair around.
"What about Leonora?"
Kamito asked with suspicion but,
"Hmph, I only came to deliver this to you. Confirm the rest yourself."
Saying that, Yuri took out a sheet of paper from a pocket of her military uniform and threw it onto the table.
It wasn't just a sheet of paper. The abstract image of a dragon --- it was sealed with Dracunia's crest which was essential for foreign diplomatic documents.
"H-Hey, what does this mean?"
"I have properly delivered it, brutish Ordesian pervert of a demon king!"
There was completely no chance to stop her.
The dragon knight spun on her heel and jumped back onto the red dragon flying outside the window.
"......Just what was that?"
Kamito muttered, dumbfounded, as he watched the dragon flying away in the distance.
Opening the paper atop the table, he found methodically written letters.
"Wait at Saint Areishia Plaza at two in the evening --- huh."
Kamito pondered it for a little while and,
"......Don't tell me, a challenge for a duel?"
His previous blade dance with Leonora had ended in an inconclusive draw. And that was done under the special circumstances of Kamito having lost Est while Leonora ran wild from her Dragon Blood.
He could understand her desire for a proper rematch.
But if her motive was a battle, it was strange that she would suggest such a crowded place for the meeting point.
(......Anyway, aren't we going to fight in tomorrow's finals already?)
He just couldn't read Leonora's thoughts.
Considering her personality, it wasn't a trap.
Kamito looked at the clock mounted on the wall.
There was still around an hour before the appointed time.
"Well, I'll understand if I go......"
He put the letter in his pocket and turned towards Est.
"Est, I'll be going out for a bit."
"Kamito, you won't play with me?"
"Sorry. I'll be back before dusk."
"......Understood. Kamito."
He put his hands together and apologized and Est nodded.
"Now then, it'd be nice if we're just meeting to talk but......"

"......Hm, was that Kamito?"
In front of the gate to the castle that Team Scarlet was staying at.
Ellis, who had returned from reporting to the Fahrengart house, had discovered Kamito leaving.
She did not see Claire or Est nearby. It seemed he was alone.
(......Th-this is a chance!)
With her heart thumping, she took a breath to call out but,
(......No, wait.)
She closed her mouth as she changed her mind.
......He seemed a bit different than usual.
If he were going to the city to have fun, he would have undoubtedly invited Claire and the others. She didn't think he had business that required him to go out alone.
(Suspicious......)
Her intuition from normally working as a public morals officer was informing her.
Perhaps he was going to the city to partake in indecent entertainment?
(......I don't think that would happen, but there is a need to confirm it.)
Ellis erased the sound of her footsteps with wind spirit magic and stealthily began shadowing Kamito.

And with that---
A little before the appointed time, Kamito arrived at Saint Areishia Plaza.
He searched for Leonora in front of the statue of the Holy Maiden Areishia at the center, but couldn't find her.
As he stood there reluctantly, he could hear various rumors being whispered around him.
"Look, it's the Lewd King. I wonder what he's doing here?" "He's definitely looking for girls to make into his slaves." "How repulsive......" "Don't make eye contact with him. He'll impregnate you." "It would be great if he were punished by Ren Ashbell-sama."
The cold glares of the girls passing through the plaza pierced him.
(......I somehow feel like dying now.)
Kamito stood there with the incessant desire to escape and the small hand of the clock tower struck two.
And exactly at that moment---
"---I've kept you waiting. Kazehaya Kamito."
A dignified and serene voice reached him.
"......Leonora!?"
Kamito gulped without thinking when he looked at the appearance of the girl that had appeared behind him.
She was not donning the military uniform of the Knights of the Dragon Emperor.
A white dress with a small purse slung over her shoulder.
Her trademark beret had also changed into a style hat. The dragon embroidery was quite lovely.
(Um, battle gear......there's no way it is.)
Kamito looked on in fascination and,
"......Kazehaya Kamito."
Leonora opened her mouth.
"D-Don't you have anything to say?"
"Y-Yeah......"
Kamito returned to reality and nodded hurriedly.
"Umm, it's not your usual military uniform."
"Yes."
"......"
"Anything else?"
"......Well, it suits you really well. More like, it's way too cute."
"......!?"
Leonora's face turned beet red in an instant.
"Wh-whwh-what you saying, you pervert!"
"What!"
Even though he'd finally complimented her, she was unexpectedly calling him a pervert.
"......A-As I thought the cause of my heart's turmoil is without a doubt you!"
With a red face, she glared bitterly at Kamito.
......He didn't understand what was going on.
At any rate---
"Why did you call me out?"
Kamito asked straight out.
"That's......"
Doing so, Leonora had a perplexed face for a moment, then,
"T-To have you take responsibility!"
She turned to Kamito and thrust her finger at him.
"......Hah?"
Kamito tilted his head.
"......What do you mean responsibility?"
"I-It's your fault I can't draw out my true power."
Leonora leered at Kamito reproachfully.
"......My fault?"
Kamito was becoming increasingly puzzled.
No, truly---
Kamito had shattered her elemental waffe, the Dragon Slayer.
Though she, being a noble knight, didn't seem the type to resent him unjustly.
As though understanding Kamito's inner thoughts, Leonora shook her head.
"No. My Dragon Slayer has sufficiently recovered. It's just---"
She pressed her lips tightly together and,
"I, I don't know why, but whenever I think of you, my heart beats madly. Even at the height of battle, when your face crosses my mind, my skills dull."
Leonora's voice was slightly shaky.
(I see......)
Kamito somehow understood.
......Losing to Kamito must have been greatly frustrating.
She had probably lost her composure as a result of losing to Kamito and thus her skills had dulled --- is what Kamito surmised.
(......And so as I thought, we're going to fight again?)
If she won against Kamito fair-and-square right now, she would regain her confidence --- he wondered if that was it.
However---
"Th-That's why!"
As Leonora's face reddened again, she thrust her finger out at Kamito and---
"I'll have you accompany me for the entire day!"
"......Hah?"
Those completely unexpected words were voiced.
"Wh-whwh-wha......!"

Ellis, who was watching over Kamito from the shadows, was gaping.
"Why is Leonora-dono......!"
Kamito and Leonora seemed to be having fun talking at the center of the plaza.
Moreover, Leonora wasn't wearing her usual military uniform, instead donning adorable clothes that charmed even Ellis despite them being both girls.
......Looking at the situation, it was unquestionably a date.
No, Ellis had no idea what a real date was like, but a long time ago, she had read one of the books that had been confiscated from Claire under the knights' authority.
"C-Curses, Kamito, you've even laid your hands on the enemy leader......!"
She bit her lips together as her shoulders rose.
She had acknowledged that Kamito was an airhead demon king that couldn't be helped, but she didn't think his integrity was this low.
"I-It can't be forgiven......!"
Having made up her mind, Ellis burst out of the shadows.
However---
"......Hm, wh-where did they go?"
At some point in time, their figures had melded into the crowd.

---Meanwhile. Another person happened to be present.
"......Haa, how tiring."
Gorgeous black hair that fell to her hips. Pale dark eyes.
The second princess of the empire, Fianna Ray Ordesia.
Last night, she had stayed at the hotel of the highest class, Royal Palace, and informed the emperor of their advancement into the finals.
......She normally kept a calm and composed attitude before her teammates, but right now, she was in an extremely bad mood. Terribly unpleasant memories came to mind when she delivered her report.
Ordesia's emperor, as well as the high-ranking nobles, had welcomed her with superficial courtesy. However, that was only because the empire was reaping huge benefits from their representatives' victory in the Blade Dance.
Four years ago, when Fianna became the Lost Queen, they had taken such a cold stance with her who was still so young---
That harsh treatment back then had left scars that remained to this day.
They continued to look down on Fianna who had been expelled from the Divine Ritual Institute.
(Well, I don't really care about that......)
The reason she had such a grim expression wasn't that.
She had checked out early this morning and visited the Biblion to search for books connected to a certain issue.
The words that Sjora Kahn had revealed when she held Fianna captive.
---Information pertaining to the Darkness Elemental Lord.
The Darkness Elemental Lord --- Ren Ashdoll.
According to the books she had investigated, a portion of the Alphas Theocracy believed that to be the name of the sixth Elemental Lord.
(Sjora said that Kamito was the Darkness Elemental Lord's reincarnation.)
If that was true, then she wondered just what the Darkness Queen was.
Moreover---
(The other Ren Ashbell --- Rubia-sama also seemed fixated on Kamito-kun.)
......She really wondered just what was happening around Kamito.
At any rate, there was no doubt that something was squirming behind this Blade Dance.
(Kamito-kun......)
Her worries were endless. She had considered discussing this with her teammates, but then she would need to tell Claire about Rubia.
If she knew the truth, she might not be able to handle it.
(I can't speak about this yet......)
And.
When she sighed heavily.
"......Kamito-kun?"
She discovered Kamito amidst the crowd.
(......What is he doing here, I wonder?)
Kamito seemed to be waiting for somebody in front of the statue of the Holy Maiden Areishia.
(......But just who is it?)
If it was someone from their team, there was no need to wait here.
With doubts filling her mind, while she was taking a step and about to call out to him,
"......!?"
Fianna's motions came to a halt.
An adorably dressed girl had appeared in front of Kamito.
(......Leonora Lancaster from the Knights of the Dragon Emperor!?)
Fianna tilted her head.
(......Why would Kamito-kun be meeting with the enemy team's ace?)
The question swirled around in her head.
While that was happening---
The two exchanged some words and disappeared towards the main road.
"......"
Fianna was glued to that spot for a few seconds.
......In order to comprehend what she had just seen.
And then---
"Fu, fufu, fu......is that how it is."
Her expression slightly stiffened.
"Even though I'm here worrying about Kamito-kun, as usual, he's off being the Demon King of the Daytime."
Her pale dark eyes became devoid of emotion and a black aura enveloped her body.
That appearance was just like the Darkness Queen.
And then.
"Y-Your Highness?"
That came from behind her.
"......Ellis?"
Turning around, the knight captain stood there.
"Your Highness, what are you doing at this kind of place?"
"You as well; why are you here?"
"Mm, th-that's......"
Fianna returned the question and Ellis' face turned red as she attempted to mislead her.
It was rare for her who was ever-composed.
(......I get it.)
The wise Fianna immediately understood the reason for her conduct.
She had probably also discovered Kamito in the crowd. And then she had no doubt followed them.
(......What to do.)
To Fianna, Ellis was also a strong rival in love.
Actually, in a certain sense, she may be the strongest contender of the group.
(......But right now, we have to unite.)
After troubling over it, Fianna came to that conclusion.
At any rate, the threat that Leonora posed in that respect was unknown.
"Say, that was Kamito just now, wasn't it?"
"......Y-Yeah, it seems that way."
Maybe because she was uncomfortable about having followed him, Ellis seemed to be trying even harder to fool her.
"You were following Kamito-kun, right? I'll also come with you."
"......Your Highness?"
"Come on, come on, it'll be too late once Kamito-kun becomes the Demon King of the Daytime."
"Mm, th-that's true. I'm worried about Leonora-dono's safety."
Ellis cleared her throat and nodded.
The two who had come to a mutual understanding ran in search of the two who had disappeared into the crowd.

"......"
The people they passed turned suspicious glances upon them.
It was completely natural. He was with the ace of a team that would also be attending the finals, after all.
(This has somehow become quite odd......)
Walking alongside Leonora, Kamito scratched his head.
(......I don't really get how I'm the cause of her slump either.)
In the first place, an elementalist's ability was greatly affected by irregularities in their mind and body.
A slightly wounded heart could prevent one from summoning their spirit, and conversely, if one's mind were strengthened, his or her power could rise explosively. Therefore, the attitude Leonora was taking towards Kamito, who she thought was the cause, was a little inexplicable.
At any rate, he felt that he should be thankful she had not called him out for a duel.
(......This is a date, isn't it.)
Furthermore, his partner was an extraordinarily cute, beautiful girl.
Realizing that, Kamito cleared his throat.
"So, doing things together is fine, but do you have any ideas on where to go?"
"Ideas?"
Leonora put a hand to her chin and pondered.
"I didn't think about that. I don't mind where we go if I'm with you."
"Th-That way of talking will invite misunderstandings."
The blushing Kamito took out a sheet of paper from his uniform's pocket.
It was a pamphlet with the business district's shop locations, details and other information.
"They've taken the effort to have these entertainment centers, so would you like to go to one?"
"Hrm, it was a good idea to leave it to you."
Leonora nodded and moved to peek at the pamphlet.
"......!"
Kamito's heartbeat quickened at the fragrance of shampoo that tickled his nose.
Her slender fingertips traced the map and stopped at a certain point.
"I would like to try going here."
"The Blade Dance Memorial Hall?"
It was a pavilion financed by the Divine Ritual Institute. Historical documents related to the Blade Dance were supposed to be on display there.
"It's a fairly safe choice for a date."
Kamito suddenly revealed those thoughts and,
"......Da-dada-date!?"
"Ah, no---"
"Wh-What are you misunderstanding, you perverted brute of a demon king!"
Leonora was angry with a bright red face.
......Her intensity was such that it felt like she would draw her Dragon Slayer at any time.
"S-Sorry, it's not a date, yeah!"
"Hmph, of course, I wouldn't engage in that kind of slovenly act!"
She averted her eyes from Kamito and scurried away.
......Kamito shrugged helplessly.

The Blade Dance Memorial Hall was at a quiet place far from the center of the business district.
The building's exterior resembled a shrine.
Perhaps because the pavilion lacked entertainment, there were few tourists.
Suspicious stares turned upon them as soon as they entered the building but, as expected, nobody called out to them. Carelessly calling out to the Blade Dance representatives would be a violation of manners amongst the nobles.
They walked along the indicated path and viewed the display items. On the corridor's wall was a commentary for formerly used tactics and portraits of the successive generations of winners.
"As expected, there are pretty much no documents from long ago."
"Yes, especially those from before the Ranbal War. The Divine Ritual Institute's library was also burned down in that war."
Leonora who was walking beside him pushed her glasses up as she nodded.
"......Huh? When did you put those on?"
"I-Is it that strange that I'm wearing glasses?"
Leonora glared at Kamito with a sullen look.
Come to think of it, she had also been wearing glasses when they met at the Biblion.
If he remembered correctly, she only wore them when reading thin letters.
"Ah, no, glasses also suit you really well."
Kamito voiced his honest thoughts. The regular Leonora was also beautiful, but she had an adult-like charm when wearing glasses that made his heart race.
He did that and---
"......Wh-What are you saying, you pervert with a glasses fetish!"
Leonora quickly walked away with a beet-red face.
"Why......"
Kamito sighed.
---And he turned his gaze to a certain name engraved in the wall.
The winner of the Blade Dance twenty four years ago.
The Dusk Witch --- Greyworth Ciel Mais.
"......"
Kamito stood still and stared at the portrait displayed there.
When she was young --- though she was still young --- anyway, it was a portrait of her when she was fifteen.
She still had her characteristic ash blonde hair, but she was drawn quite innocent and lovely.
Kamito had seen her when she reverted to her young state, but it had only lasted momentarily, so the memories hadn't really stuck with him at all.
(......So that witch was also young before.)
Kamito did not know the Dusk Witch's strength in her prime.
It felt somehow strange.
"Kamito, what are you doing?"
Being called by Leonora, Kamito hurried after her.
Further along the path they were walking on, a large room was shrouded behind a curtain.
"......Special Display Room?"
Kamito took a step in,
"Guah......"
A groan surfaced from deep within him.
(I, I was careless......!)
The first thing that leaped into his vision was---
A tapestry with the previous Blade Dance's winner's figure sewn onto it.
Glossy black hair that fell to her waist. Foreign white clothing.
And that pitch black sword in her hand was surely --- the darkness elemental waffe, Vorpal Sword.
There wasn't just a tapestry. There was a portrait covering an entire wall, and to add to that, a life-sized bronze statue was stationed in the center of the room.
"Wh-What is this room!?"
Kamito's face stiffened and,
"Having a special display room constructed is a matter of course. Even amongst the past champions, she is overwhelmingly famous."
Leonora's eyes were lit up as she was captivated by the wall portrait.
"Her blade dance is my distant goal. ---Stronger than anything, and noble as well."
......There was no way she could even dream that the person in question was standing right beside her.
"......"
Kamito also returned to staring at the tapestry depicting his past appearance.
(My strength still hasn't recovered to what I had back then......)
He was certainly in the process of recovering his strength from his prime.
He had also become able to use Greyworth's absolute blade arts, despite the burden they placed on his body.
But he still couldn't reach her. There was an absolute wall between him and her.
"Kamito?"
"......Mm, yeah, sorry."
Kamito returned to reality after Leonora called out to him.
"We'd also like to perform a blade dance that will make history in the finals."
"Yeah, that's right."
Kamito nodded firmly in response to the smiling Leonora who had removed her glasses.
---After that, just when they were exiting the memorial hall, Leonora pointed ahead.
"Kamito, they're selling bread there."
"Yeah?"
He looked to where she was pointing and, sure enough, there was a bread stall there.
The fresh bread lined up in a glass case was giving off a delicious scent.
"Ohh, those look good. Maybe I'll buy one......wha!?"
Having neared the glass case, Kamito was rendered speechless.
What was lined up there was---
For some reason, a large amount of Ren Ashbell bread.
Upon the fluffy baked bread was a design done with chocolate that looked exactly like his spirit seal.
"Wh-What is this; I never approved this!"
"......Approved?"
"Ah, no......"
Kamito hurriedly fooled her.
"This is good. Let's buy some as a souvenir for Yuri and the others."
"So you're buying it......"
Kamito sighed in blank amazement.
"......Nom. This tastes pretty good."
"Yeah, the taste is decent."
Kamito and Leonora ate the bread they had just bought as they walked down the business district beside each other.
The bread had chocolate on it, but this chocolate was designed to look like the demon sword of darkness and was unexpectedly detailed.
"......I don't think Restia expected to become a decoration for bread either."
"Kamito, did you say something?"
"No, nothing......hm."
Kamito shifted his eyes to Leonora's mouth.
"You have chocolate stuck to your face."
"Eh?"
With a wry smile, Kamito wiped off the chocolate with his finger and,
"Fuaa......wh-whwh-what are you doing, you pervert!"
Leonora cried out with a bright red face......just like Claire's reaction yesterday.
"Dracunia's strongest knight also has her cute points."
"......~!"
With Kamito's teasing, her face grew increasingly red and,
"A-As I thought, you're the reason my heart is in turmoil!"
And she turned her face away.
"Sorry, my bad. So where should we go next?"
"......That's right. I heard a weapons museum and spirits museum were on the outskirts of town."
"Such refined tastes as always."
Kamito voiced that kind of thought and,
"......Sorry. I was raised in a strict knight household, so I don't know where best to go in these situations."
"......I see."
Well, that was similar to Kamito. He didn't know a tactful place to have fun or things of that sort.
"Then let's just wander around and explore the business district."
"Yes."
At that time, a wind spirit like a small bird flew away above them.
A sudden strong gust of wind blew along the path and Leonora's one-piece was turned up before Kamito's eyes.
"Kyaa!"
"......!?"
Kamito reflexively averted his eyes but---
(......Hm?)
He had a slightly bad feeling about the image that was burned into his eyes for but a moment.
He had not seen a single stitch of the panties that logically should have been there.
What he saw in its place was a soft-looking butt---
(......N-No way!?)
Come to think of it --- Kamito recalled.
About what happened at the library before the battle portion. When Leonora who was being controlled by her Dragon Blood tempted Kamito, he was sure that she---
"......Umm, could I ask one crude question?"
"What is it?"
"Are you not......wearing u-underwear?"
"......?"
Leonora tilted her head, puzzled for a moment, then---
"Yes. Princess maidens that serve a dragon may not wear underwear."
She said it like it was extremely obvious with a nod.
"......Are you a naked knee socks sword spirit."
Kamito made a small sigh and,
"Let's go buy underwear first. We'll continue after that."

On the other hand---
"......Kuu, curses, Kamito, where did you go?"
Ellis and Fianna ran around the business district as they used wind spirits to gather information.
As expected, searching for two people in this kind of crowd was difficult.
"Perhaps they have entered a building?"
Fianna said while short of breath.
"Really though, we can't just use spirits to infiltrate shops."
---And then. A spirit like a small bird alighted on Ellis' shoulder.
"......What? You saw the two?"
"Where did they go?"
The wind spirit whispered something into Ellis' ear.
"Ka-Kamito peeked under Leonora-dono's skirt in public!?"
Twitch.
In an instant, Fianna's expression had frozen over.
"Fu, fufufu...... I wonder what Kamito-kun could possibly thinking, fufufu......"
"......Y-Your Highness, you're leaking some kind of black aura."
Ellis gulped.
"Let's go, Ellis. They might still be nearby!"
"Yeah, we can't permit any more shameless acts!"
The two exchanged nods and ran off.
"......D-Do I really have to go too?"
In front of an underwear store that catered to the nobility's daughters, Kamito awkwardly scratched his head.
If he was seen entering this kind of store, another disgraceful rumor would start.
......Rather, he was already suffering cold looks from the girls in the store.
"I have not worn underwear before. Thus, I do not know which underwear is best."
"I don't know that kind of thing either."
"Then it doesn't matter if I continue not wearing any underwear?"
"......Kuu, what kind of threat is this."
Kamito groaned deeply.
That's right, she wasn't wearing anything under that one-piece.
If the wind blew again and her skirt flew up---
Kamito bringing around a girl without underwear was quite capable of starting the worst rumor yet.
(......I absolutely must avoid that.)
Kamito finally gave in and step foot into the underwear store.
---Several minutes later. Kamito stood in the shop for the sake of picking out underwear for Leonora.
"......As I thought, it's unsettling. Underwear, that is."
Leonora groaned with a troubled face.
She had bought a high-quality silk set to try out, but it seemed to feel awkward so the Dragon Princess Maiden wasn't pleased.
"Won't you get used to it? Anyway, please wear it, at least when walking in town."
"......It's somehow very tight."
Leonora complained with dissatisfaction on her face.
"At the very least, couldn't I wear this?"
And she spread out laced black underwear with both hands.
"D-Don't spread out that kind of thing......"
Kamito reddened as he averted his eyes,
"Rather, isn't something different between that and the one you're wearing?"
"Yes. It seems this is the type with a hole here."
"......!?"
Looking closely, there was a neat cut at a vital location.
"Wh-Why was that kind of thing being sold!"
"Is it not okay?"
"It's not. In a certain sense, it's worse than not wearing any."
Kamito decisively shook his head.
......Rather, he wondered why he was choosing underwear for the enemy team's ace.
"Then how about this?"
"That's practically a string! ......Why are you deliberately choosing ones with high exposure!"
"I can't calm down with lots of cloth."
"Normally people can't calm down without wearing underwear."
Kamito groaned while pressing down on his forehead.
"......Th-Then, how about this?"
Leonora was holding a tropical-style set with southern sea flowers drawn on it.
"......It's the type that doubles as a swimsuit. Isn't that pretty good?"
"Yes. It suits my tastes because the material is slippery and feels familiar to my skin."
"......I see, so it was just because you don't like the feeling of silk."
Amongst the underwear of the princess maidens that needed to frequently purify themselves, swimsuits and other multipurpose ones were numerous. It seemed that the smooth material of the swimsuit had also appealed to her.
"Well then, let's take this one---"
And Leonora took it in her hands---
"......"
And something turned towards Kamito like a flash.
"What's wrong?"
"No, s-since you've finally bought a swimsuit---"
With a slight tinge of red on his cheeks and upturned eyes, he opened his mouth.
---Why don't we go to the pool, he said.

And like that. The two left the central part of town and arrived at a pool in the forest.
Even if it was called a pool, it wasn't something made by human hands. It was something that utilized the already present large lake, so the impression was close to that of a beach along the sea.
Kamito, who had changed into a tanktop swimsuit just before, sat at the edge of the lake waiting for Leonora.
Many girls in swimsuits were frolicking along the lake shore, crying out in sweet voices.
But the instant they noticed Kamito,
"Kyaa, the Lewd King, the Lewd King is here!" "He's looking here, how scary......" "What an unpleasant gaze." "Don't come near my Lady!"
They successively jumped into the lake and swam off to the far edge.
"......Am I a shark or something?"
The wounded Kamito hung his head on the empty lake edge.
And at that time.
"I-I've kept you waiting, Kamito."
"......!?"
Turning towards the voice that came from behind, he saw Leonora standing there with her hands on her hips.
Her youthful skin was tinged slightly red. Her chest seemed to burst out.
Her adorable butt wrapped in the flower-patterned swimsuit.
Her slender, beautiful legs were dazzling.
Kamito gulped at her outstanding proportions.
"U-Umm, is it strange?"
Leonora rubbed her thighs together bashfully.
Kamito finally returned to his senses and,
"N-No, rather, well......you're beautiful."
"......Wha, th-this pervert! Pervert!"
Leonora's admonishing voice instantly assaulted him.
"What the heck! I just said my honest thoughts."
"Sh-Shut up! Don't stare so much at a princess maiden's skin!"
Leonora quickly covered her chest and,
"I-I'll go swim a bit!"
In order to cool her body that was burning up from shyness, she jumped into the lake with vigor.
"......Oh boy."
Kamito sighed as he stared absentmindedly at Leonora who had left to swim.
Her swimming figure was also beautiful. It was almost like a dragon relaxedly flying about in the sky.
......At any rate, would doing this really clear up what the cause of her slump was?
(Though looking from an outsider's point of view, she doesn't appear to be in a slump......)
Honestly, if he were just considering victory, having her remain in a slump would be undoubtedly more advantageous.
But in that case, Kamito also couldn't be understood.
The promise he had made that one time.
---That he would fight with her when she was not being controlled by her Dragon Blood.
"......"
He stood at the lake edge charmed by Leonora's swimming figure for a while and---
"Hmm---.....onii-sama, you perv."
"Wha!?"
Kamito hurriedly turned around upon hearing the familiar voice.
"......Mi-Mireille!?"
The one glaring at Kamito was Rinslet's lovely little sister.
Her platinum blonde hair clung to her wet skin.
She was clad in a white swimsuit and had a large swim tube around her waist.
"Wh-Why are you here?"
"Since my morning lessons are over, I came to play."
"Did you come alone?"
"No, Milla came as well."
Mireille replied coldly.
And.
"Kamito, have you laid your hands on that Leonora Lancaster as well?"
Milla Bassett glared at Kamito with fruit juice in her hand.
She was wearing a swimsuit that had frills like a maid costume.
Her slightly wavy hair was tied on both ends of her head.
"Wa-Wait a second, you're misunderstanding this! There's a reason for this......"
"What reason?"
"No matter how you look, it's a date. Even though onii-sama already has onee-sama."
"---I-It's nothing like a date!"
And Leonora, who had been swimming, hurriedly came to the shore.
"Mu.....They're big."
Her large, wet chest covered with her tropical swimsuit.
The nine year old and thirteen year old combination gasped at the proportions which were the opposite of theirs.
"Kamito is assisting me in restoring my original condition. That's why it's definitely nothing like a date or some indecent activity!"
"Mu---..."
Mireille glared at Leonora with an expression like she couldn't agree.
......Well, it was obvious since she was the enemy her esteemed older sister would be facing in the finals.
Kamito shrugged and turned towards Leonora.
"Well, did you figure it out? The cause of your slump."
"......No. But I feel like I will with a little more."
"I see. Well, take your time to think about it."
"......You can't say that. The finals begin tomorrow."
She shook her head and looked Kamito straight in the eye.
"As a knight and as an elementalist --- I would like to blade dance with you in my best condition."
"......"
Kamito was silenced by her seriousness.
At that time, a large commotion rose on the shore.
"......What's that?"
"The Water Spirit Festival dedicated to this lake's spirits has begun."
Mireille explained to Kamito who tilted his head.
"Water Spirit Festival?"
"---A blade dance that imitates ancient water combat."
And this time, Milla explained.
The Water Spirit Festival seemed to be a type of ritualistic dance performance that imitated combat where two princess maidens formed a team. It wasn't flashy like a blade dance, but a crowd of princess maidens wildly dancing was beautiful and it seemed to be quite popular as a spectator's sport.
"There's a prize prepared for the winning team, onii-sama."
A small shrine stood where Mireille was pointing with various goods like jewelry and magical tools lined up.
"It seems interesting. Maybe we should watch."
Kamito lowered himself onto the shore and,
Tug, tug.
"Hm?"
Leonora was tugging his arm.
"What is it?"
"No, well......"
Leonora seemed embarrassed as her cheeks flushed red and,
"Ka-Kamito, would you like to participate in that ritual?"
"Eh?"
Suddenly said that.
Her eyes were glued to the prizes lined up on the shrine.
"Could it be that you want something from those?"
"......Yes."
Leonora nodded.
"That is a product of the legendary doll craftsman, Lord Švankmajer. I didn't think I would see it at this kind of place."
Somehow, it seemed like she wanted that large dragon plushie.
"The second place prize......all right!"
Kamito nodded and grabbed onto Leonora's arm.
"Wh-What are you doing!?"
"You want that plushie, right? Then let's go get it."
"I-Is that okay!?"
"Yeah. If you and I pair up, nobody can compare."
"O-Of course!"
Kamito gave her a thumbs up and Leonora nodded happily.

---At that time. In the forest nearby the lake, Ellis and Fianna who were out of breath were there.
"Kamito, w-we've finally caught up to you......!"
"Fu, fufu......coming to the pool with a girl, you can't make any excuses now."
The out of breath Ellis who was breathing hard and Fianna whose entire body was wrapped in a black aura.
"Mu, it seems like he's going to enter the lake with Leonora-dono."
"Do they intend to participate in the Water Spirit Festival? But why---"
And the line of prizes on the shrine entered the vision of Fianna who was tilting her head.
"That is......!"
Her pale dark eyes widened.
The top-class prize adorning the top of the shrine. That was---
"Pair tickets for the Royal Palace?"
Even catering to those of the Ordesia royal family, it was the highest-class hotel on Ragna Ys.
"Is Kamito aiming for that?"
"Yes, there's no doubt. To say nothing of a regular blade dance, if it's that ace combination of Blade Dance representatives, they're more than enough to aim for victory."
"But tomorrow is the finals. They don't have time for something like using a hotel voucher---"
"If it's used this evening, there's no problem. If so......"
Fianna took a breath.
"Since it's Kamito-kun, he might do the blade dance of the night with her."
"Wh-What did you say!"
......Imagining God knows what, Ellis' face turned bright red.
"Th-That's not allowed! We absolutely must prevent it!"
"Yes, that's right!"
The two exchanged a firm handshake.

"......To put it shortly, it's like an underwater cavalry battle."
Kamito, who had Leonora piggybacking him, once again mentally went over the rules of the Water Spirit Festival that Milla Bassett had taught him.
First, the team of two princess maidens consisted of a "horse" and a "knight". The princess maiden that became the horse was responsible for movement and the knight riding them would carry a special gem at their chest --- it was a scramble for magic stones. The team that gathered a large number of magic stones would be the winner.
It was obvious, but wounding a princess maiden or defiling the lake were strictly forbidden.
On a side note, the princess maidens that served as the horse were emitting divine power from their entire body to float. If it was a princess maiden with a certain amount of training, it was not a difficult technique at all.
So the ritual itself wasn't very dangerous but---
(It's dangerous in a different kind of way for me......)
Squish.
The feeling of soft thighs upon his neck.
......For an adolescent boy, having his heart rush was uncontrollable.
"Ka-Kamito, please don't move around so much......ahnn!"
"S-Sorry......!"
Kamito's face turned red at the seductive voice that Leonora let out above him.
Soon, the other princess maiden knight-horse pairs entered the lake one after the other.
It seemed a lot of unexpected people were participating. They were undoubtedly aiming for the first-class prize of pair tickets to the Royal Palace.
......Rather, other than Kamito's team, there were probably no other teams aiming for the second-place dragon plushie.
"Leonora, can you do it?"
"Yes. I will definitely obtain that dragon!"
Leonora nodded with a voice full of conviction.
Participants of the Blade Dance taking part in a regular ritual like this felt a little immature, but well, they were aiming for second place, so it shouldn't draw any malice.
"I won't let you do that, onii-sama!"
"......Eh?"
The one who came before them was Mireille who was piggybacking Milla Bassett.
As if being pressed by her swimsuit, a magic stone was forced between her small chest.
"Don't tell me, you two are also participating?"
"That's right. For the sake of my passive onee-sama, I'll get those hotel tickets!"
Puffing her minute chest, Mireille made a declaration.
In response---
"---Sorry, but those tickets are ours."
A soft-spoken yet icy voice resounded across the lake.
"......!?"
Kamito's expression froze.
It was an extremely familiar voice. But this was her voice when she was angry.
"......Ellis!?"
He turned around and there was---
A ponytailed, beautiful girl wearing a bold swimsuit and,
"......Hmm, Kamito-kun's also good at taming dragons."
Her Highness glared at Kamito coldly while making bubbles on the water surface.
"Y-You two, why are you here?"
"Hmph, you should try thinking about that yourself, you insolent person!"
Ellis' reddish brown eyes were teary.
"W-We won't let Kamito-kun dance that blade dance of the night!"
"Wh-What the heck, a blade dance of the night......!"
......Being pushed by the young ladies that were angry for some reason, Kamito was being overwhelmed.
This time, Ellis focused her gaze on Leonora who was atop his shoulders.
"Leonora-dono, I respect you as a fellow knight. However, this Ellis Fahrengart will not allow such an insolent deed!"
"Wh-What kind of insolent deed are you talking about! I was just, with Kamito---"
"Talking is useless; if you're a knight, settle this with your blade!"
"Kamito-kun, prepare yourself."
"Wait a second, what do you mean!?"
The two left while ignoring the perplexed Kamito.
"They'll be strong enemies, those two."
"Y-Yeah......"
And so, a whistle signaled the start of the Water Spirit Festival.

"Let's go, Leonora!"
"Yes, the dragon god's blessings upon this battle!"
Leonora gave a gallant shout above him.
The ten-odd princess maiden horse and rider groups were clamoring.
Participating in this kind of rough ritual meant that these were undoubtedly trained princess maidens. From within them, he could even see those that had been eliminated in the real battle portion of the Blade Dance here and there.
(So Ellis and Fianna aren't going to challenge us yet......)
Gathering a large amount of magic stones from those that looked easy to defeat in the first part and leaving the confrontation with Kamito and Leonora to the end was mostly likely their plan.
If those two were aiming for the Royal Palace hotel tickets, then there was no reason to battle with them, but those two seemed to have a different reason for their anger.
(......There's no other way, huh.)
Kamito shrugged.
He had promised to accompany Leonora for the entire day.
Even if they were his precious comrades, he wouldn't go easy on them.
"Kamito, incoming!"
Immediately following the start, the swimsuit-clad princess maidens simultaneously faced them. In order to instantly crush Kamito and Leonora who held the largest battle strength, they had all temporarily allied.
That was what Kamito thought but---
"Everyone, kill the Lewd King!" "If you drown here, we can treat it as an accident!" "We won't leave any evidence behind." "A swift death to the enemy of women!"
......He could hear various frightening lines.
"Kuu......"
"Kamito, what are you doing; we're being surrounded!"
The downhearted Kamito was rebuked by Leonora.
The sensation of thighs wrapped around his neck brought Kamito back to his senses.
"......Like I'll let you kill me before the finals!"
The advancing girls' enclosure.
In order to weave through that net, Kamito moved freely through the water.
Putting into practice the meta-3D movement that he had learned at Instructional School --- rather than the super high-speed Shadow Weaving, this was the underwater movement technique called Water Lily. It wasn't fast enough to make the opponent lose track of him, but those movements were like a water lily floating on the water's surface and provided no opportunity to capture him.
Just after Kamito easily escaped the net---
"Faa!?" "Hyann!" "Kyaaaaaa!"
The girls' shrill cries echoed across the water.
In the moment they had passed by them, Leonora had stolen the magic stones at their bosom.
"As expected of you, Leonora."
"You as well; it almost feels like I'm riding a high-class dragon."
Leonora smiled while chuckling.
Her thighs pressed down on him and his heart rushed.
"Le-Leonora, please open your legs a bit more!"
"......Eh? Wh-What do you mean, you pervert!"
Hit, hit, hit, hit.
The red-faced, agitated Leonora began to hit Kamito's head.
"Wai, hold......waa---"
When Kamito's balance fell apart uncontrollably---
"Their movements have stopped! If we're going to execute him, now's the time!"
The group of girls once again closed in.
"Leonora, calm down or things will get bad!"
"......!"
Leonora, who had finally snapped back to herself, smacked the girls nearing them from behind into the water and turned around to defend her chest from the countless outstretched hands.
"Are you okay!?"
"N-No problem, I'll show you the dance of a princess maiden in service of dragons!"
Leonora exhaled and silently readied both her hands.
Then---
She reached out with movements akin to a dance performance and stole the magic stones of the girls approaching them one-by-one.
"......Amazing."
It was just like a raging dragon.
"A single knight defeating scores of enemies is the specialty of Dracunia's knights. If I compare it with the training I received as a young girl where I was thrown into a pack of fierce beasts, this is nothing."
Instantly beating down the surrounding riders, she obtained seven magic stones.
Truly an ace out of the Blade Dance representatives. It was overwhelming strength that allowed none to approach.
"Now then, come, all who would like to challenge me!"
Leonora's dignified voice rang out.
And at that time.
"......!?"
A crackling noise accompanied the instant freezing of the water surrounding Kamito.
"Ice spirit magic!?"
In the moment Kamito's movements stopped, the figure of a rider approached.
"I've got you, onii-sama!"
It was the Milla Bassett and Mireille team.
"To think a nine year old can use this kind of spirit magic! As expected of Rinslet's little sister."
Kamito gave his honest admiration in light of that talent.
But the young Mireille could not snatch the magic stone from Leonora.
Just when he was thinking that---
"Kyaunn!"
A sweet cry was raised above Kamito's head.
"......!?"
"......Afuu......ahnn......!"
Leonora's thighs closed on Kamito with a squish.
"I-It hurts......Leonora, wh-what are you doing!?"
"Fuaa......th-this was an oversight; I can't move like this!"
"......Eh?"
Kamito somehow managed to twist his head and look up and,
(......Damn it!)
---He finally realized their fatal mistake.
Leonora's chest had expanded!
That's right, since it was a battle done in swimsuits, there was no other place to store the magic stones stolen from the enemy other than at one's bosom. Consequently, if one gathered a certain amount of magic stones, the rider would become unable to move.
If she did any intense movements right now, there was no doubt her swimsuit would break.
(......They were waiting for us to gather magic stones, huh.)
Kamito was astonished. The one who thought of this plan was probably the one giving Mireille a piggyback, Milla. She was truly the Rupture Division's captain.
"Fufuu, your chest seems to be giving you trouble, dragon onee-sama!"
Mireille's fingers brushed against Leonora's chest which shook, spilling magic stones.
"Fa......nn, the magic stones are, from my breasts......"
Leonora's face was bright red as she shielded her chest with all her might.
The surrounding girls also thought of this as a chance and drew in.
"......Like I'll let you!"
Kamito cracked the ice covering the water with his fist and used all his power to escape. Several magic stones fell from Leonora's chest from the recoil, but they were unneeded in this situation.
"Haa, haa, nn......"
He could hear Leonora's troubled breathing above him.
"Are you okay?"
"Y-Yes, somehow......ahnn ♪"
As her chest rose and fell, the tips of the magic stones stimulated her sensitive breasts. She somehow suppressed her voice and endured it.
That lovable action made Kamito's heart race.
---At some point in time, the net with Mireille at the center had been completed.
"......So this is the end, huh."
Kamito groaned.
This was not the Blade Dance. It was just some entertainment. Even if they were to lose, they wouldn't suffer a loss of honor, not that Kamito cared much for honor.
However---
(......I've made a promise.)
That he would obtain that dragon plushie for Leonora.
Wanting to see the smile of a girl was the nature of a boy.
"Leonora---"
And Kamito spoke quietly.
"Hold on to me tightly and hold your breath."
"Wh-What do you intend to do?"
"It's okay. Believe in me."
"......!"
Leonora gasped overhead when Kamito ended the conversation decisively.
Then---
"---Y-Yes!"
She made a large nod.
Leonora's two supple arms wrapped around Kamito's neck.
In an instant, Kamito sunk into the water completely.
He relaxed his entire body and closed his eyes. A variation of the Water Lily movement --- Aqua Elusion. Syncing his mind and body with the flow of the water, he could completely conceal his presence.
"---Milla, don't think badly of this."
"......!?"
Appearing suddenly from behind Milla, he tickled her under the arms without mercy.
"......Ah, kya, nn!"
The usually cool Milla let out a lovely voice and twisted her body.
"Now!"
"Yes!"
"Faaa, Mi-Milla!?"
In the instant Milla's rider, Mireille, lost her balance---
Leonora quickly reached out and snatched her magic stone.
Splaaaaash!
A flashy wall of water rose when Mireille fell down.
"H-How terrible!" "Even to a child that young!" "That brutish......!"
Harsh criticisms of Kamito came from the surrounding girls and mixed together but---
"Leonora, can you still do it?"
"Yes, m-my breasts hurt but I'll somehow endure it!"
"Alright, that's the spirit---"
As Kamito nodded, he heard the thunderous roar of winds.
"C-Curse you, Kamito, you insolent person!"
From afar, Ellis and Fianna were closing in at an alarming rate.
(Fast......!)
Fianna's reflexes were average for an elementalist, but her divine power control was exceptional. Her movements underwater were comparable to or surpassed Kamito's.
Moreover, they were wrapped in a barrier of wind and accelerating.
(......This is quite a handicap.)
To begin with, Kamito wasn't proficient in spirit magic and Leonora's dragon attribute spirit magic specialized in destruction and physical strengthening. They had pretty much no basic spells and nothing for general-use like wind spirit magic. No, what was worse than that---
"E-Ellis, haven't you shoved too much into it!?"
Stuffed with a large amount of magic stones that she had snatched, Ellis' swimsuit looked like it was about to fall apart at any moment.
His gaze had been unwittingly drawn to her bosom swaying in the wind.
"Kamito, where are you looking!"
"I-I couldn't help it!"
Having realized where he was looking, Ellis hurriedly covered her breasts with both her hands.
"Jeez, Kamito-kun, look at me as well!"
Fianna puffed her cheeks and let her breasts float on the water out of rivalry.
"A-A princess shouldn't do those kinds of embarrassing things!"
"......I-It's not embarrassing if Kamito-kun wants to see."
The princess blushed as she blew bubbles on the water's surface.
(......Aren't you plenty embarrassed.)
"Kamito, just where are you looking?"
"Guoo......"
A displeased voice. Leonora's thighs strangled him.
"I-I get it, so don't strangle me!"
Using that opening, Ellis and Fianna lunged at them by riding the wind.
"Leonora-dono, we can't allow you to perform a blade dance of the night!"
"I won't perform such a thing!"
Ellis and Leonora were grappling overhead.
"Kamito-kun, no matter how much of a Demon King of the Night you are, even I won't stay quiet if your lovers increase any further than this!"
"I'm telling you, it's not like that!"
On the other hand, Fianna was pressing her breasts up against Kamito.
With the soft sensation traveling past her skimpy swimsuit, as expected, even Kamito couldn't hide his excitement.
"---O wind!"
Sharp winds flew from Ellis' finger and greatly shook Leonora's breasts.
"......I won't lose---!"
Leonora retaliated with her hand as she shielded her chest.
"Since Kamito is fighting for my sake!"
Squish.
"......Ahh, nn......!"
Ellis let out a captivating voice. Her long ponytail shuddered.
"......Ah, ya, hau......!"
"......Mm, kyann, ahnnn!"
"H-Hey......!"
Kamito's focus was broken by the erotic cries coming from above and---
Click.
He suddenly heard that sound.
"......Eh?"
Kamito looked up without thinking.
What first entered his sight was---
A large number of magic stones leaking from both of their breasts.
Fluttering, scant cloth.
And Kamito saw them.
......Ended up seeing them.
Hanging down, the breasts of the two beautiful girls.
""Ky---""
An instant.
""Kyaaaaaaaaaaa!""
Both of them spontaneously discharged their divine power and a giant water pillar rose from the lake.

"......nora. Leonora!"
"Umm......cough, cough......"
With a hazy consciousness, Leonora opened her eyes.
Before her was Kamito who had a serious expression.
"......Kami......to......?"
She muttered while getting up and---
"......Leonora, I'm glad."
Kamito sighed in relief.
"......How did the Water Spirit Festival go?"
"Ahh, everyone was blown away and it was cancelled."
Kamito gave a small shrug.
"Ah, but look, I got him."
"......?"
To the puzzled Leonora---
Kamito showed her a large dragon plushie.
"---This is!?"
"Everyone at the lake was blown away and the magic stones were also scattered but just one......I found one that was stuck."
Kamito muttered as he blushed.
So they had won a prize because everybody else competing had been obliterated.
"Well, if that's true, then everyone was disqualified but --- it seems the lake spirits were satisfied with the ritual. Nobody was injured and there's also nobody blaming us."
"Is that so......"
Leonora nodded and---
Something caught her attention.
"......Umm, Kamito."
"Yes?"
"Was stuck?"
"......!"
Kamito averted his gaze and didn't answer.
"......Kamito?"
She asked again with a little bit of force.
"No, that's......"
Kamito shook his head as if resigned.
"I-In your cleavage......"
"......Y-You touched my breasts!?"
"No, well, sorry. Something was shining on your chest, so I just---"
Kamito confessed honestly. In an instant, Leonora's face grew hot.
"......Th-This pervert"
Hit, hit, hit.
Leonora pounded on Kamito's chest while continuing to blush. But in truth, when she had been hugging Kamito, she had not felt angry or shy.
She continued to hit Kamito while bewildered by this self-realization.
(......Wh-What does it mean?)
She didn't know that feeling. She just had knowledge of it.
(Could it be, this feeling is......no, there's no way, that kind of......)
But if she thought about it --- it explained everything.
How her sword skills had dulled ever since she had fought Kamito. And then how while she had been with Kamito, her emotions were in disorder and her heart beat furiously.
......She may have already realized deep within her heart.
She just didn't want to admit it.
That's right, since the day she had crossed blades with him---
(I, for Kazehaya Kamito---)
Once she realized that, she wouldn't be able to look at him directly anymore.
Leonora lowered her fist and turned her face to the side while still blushing.
"......Leonora?"
Kamito tilted his head, puzzled.
"I-It would be best to admit this honestly, right."
"Yes?"
Leonora seemed to have decided something as she nodded to herself.
She thought that the disorder in her feelings would become a disorder in her sword.
But now that she had realized the cause, that had become an uplifting feeling instead.
Even more so than with the Dragon Blood, it was uncontrollable and unstable.
---That was definitely something meant to become a power stronger than anything.
"Kamito!" "Kamito-kun!"
The voices of his teammates came from afar.
It seemed that they were running over to them.
"---Kamito, it's fine now. Thank you for today."
And Leonora stood up, then gazed directly at Kamito.
---She wouldn't avert her eyes this time.
"Umm, saying it's fine means---"
"I can blade dance at my best, is what it means."
"......!"
Kamito was confused for a little, but---
"......I see. I don't really get it, but that's great."
He shrugged as if relieved.
"Then I can battle you at full power as well."
The two exchanged nods and each stretched out a hand.
"The next time we exchange words will be when we blade dance."
"Yeah."
They shared a firm handshake and spun on their heels and---
Both of them walked away just like that without turning back.

Continuing however deeply into the cavern---
"The top brass of the Alphas Theocracy have agreed to provide a new military spirit. But any further cooperation is impossible---"
Facing the wordless back of her master, Lily Flame continued to give her report.
"---Ahaa, a new toy is finally coming. I can finally play with onii-sama."
The one who opened her mouth was not Lily's master, but the cute girl walking beside her.
Muir Alenstarl --- the second-place Monster of the Instructional School.
"I'll break anyone and everyone that gets near onii-sama ♪"
While glaring sidelong at Muir who was smiling innocently, Lily sighed.
The stronghold assault spirit Colossus, the wide-area annihilation spirit Garuda --- of the three that the Theocracy had lent to them, Muir had already used up two. Of course, their results in the real battle had been adequate, but the protests of the Theocracy's top brass were stronger than expected.
"I don't care how many military spirits from a former era we break. Either way, the world will change with this time's Blade Dance."
"---Yes."
Lily placed a hand to her chest and respectfully agreed.
With regards to the plan to change the world, Lily had not been told anything by her master.
If she had not seen the face beneath the mask, she would not even know who she was.
---She was simply a tool that acted as another's hands and feet.
(---But that's fine. This lady has given me all I have.)
That day when flames wrapped the Instructional School's facility, she had extended a hand to her.
---Will you leave here and come with me?
(Since the moment I took her hand, I---)
"---And how is the Witch doing?"
What interrupted her recollection of that time was her master's question.
The Alphas Theocracy princess that had failed to capture the Darkness Queen had not been seen.
It was likely that the empire's secret organization, Snake, was planning to move before them but---
"I didn't mean Snake. I was asking about the real Witch."
"Real witch --- you mean Lady Greyworth?"
Lily tilted her head slightly.
She had received information of her arrival yesterday. She didn't think it was particularly important so she hadn't reported it but---
"Even if she is a former Numbers, I don't think a retired spirit knight could do much---"
"......If so, that would be good."
The ruby eyes underneath the crimson mask glowed faintly.

Evening. Dusk hung over Ragna Ys which was floating in Astral Zero's skies.
Having spent a turbulent day with Leonora, Kamito returned with Ellis and Fianna, who happened to be at the pool, to the castle they were staying at.
After this, the oracle concerning the finals would be delivered by the five Queens at the Divine Ritual Institute's Grand Shrine. They would convene once with the entire team to discuss their plans for what was to come.
He showered then went to Claire's room and knocked.
"Claire, it's about time."
"Yes, the preparations are already complete. You may enter."
He opened the door and found Claire and the others sitting atop the bed playing Old Maid.
"I win. That makes 17 wins with 2 losses."
Claire tossed the cards.
"O-One more time!"
"It will be the same no matter how many times we do it. You're an open book."
"......~! H-How frustrating!"
Rinslet cried out with teary eyes.
It seemed the two of them had performed a simple purification in the shower as their hair was wet.
......The hair clinging to their necks was somehow sexy.
"Have you been playing cards the whole time?"
"Yes, it heated up without me noticing!"
"Even though I also thought about inviting you; where have you been all this time?"
"Ah, no, I just went to town for lunch......"
......There was no way he could say he had been out on a date with the ace of an enemy team.
"Jeez, if it's lunch, I would have made it for you."
"E-Even I can at least make lunch......!"
"......No, eating cinders for dinner is too heavy on my stomach."
Kamito muttered as he broke out into a cold sweat.
"Kamito, welcome back."
Est who had been playing with Scarlet trotted over.
"Yeah. Sorry for leaving you behind this morning. Here, cake from a night stall."
Kamito presented the cake box and the sword spirit's eyes lit up.
Just then, Ellis opened the door and entered.
"Everyone, what are you doing? We'll be late if we don't hurry."
"......There's still an hour left."
Claire sighed in disbelief.

The spectating nobles had already gathered at the Grand Shrine.
A magnificent bonfire blazed in front of the massive stone gates and the solemn aria of the Divine Ritual Institute's princess maidens could be heard.
Undoubtedly, the five Queens were receiving the oracle at the deepest reaches of the Grand Shrine.
"......There are a lot of people as usual."
"Claire, if you're scared, do you wanna hold hands?"
"Y-Yeah......wait, I'm n-not scared!"
Kamito teased her and Claire averted her face from him.
They walked down the hall extending from the stone gate and,
"Ahh, Onee-sama and everyone!"
Rinslet's little sister waved her hand after noticing them.
"Mireille!"
Rinslet hugged her little sister who came running over.
"Since you're not here with father, you'll get lost in these crowds."
"Milla's here so I'm fine."
Milla the maid nodded from behind Mireille.
"That's true but......by the way, you're not here with Carol?"
"......Yeah, we were with her partway, but it seems that we lost her."
"My apologies. I had to accompany Lady Mireille so......"
Milla hung her head as if she had no excuse.
"No, Carol always gets lost."
Rinslet sighed.
"......I've had this question for a while, but how did Carol pass the Laurenfrost employment exam?"
"The foremost criterion of a Laurenfrost maid is that she is cute."
Rinslet said that as if it was extremely obvious.
"......Well, true, Carol and Milla do fulfill that condition."
"......!"
Milla's ears twitched in response to Kamito's words.
"Oh, your ears are red, Milla; what's wrong?"
"......It's nothing. I'm fine."
Milla replied expressionlessly to Mireille's teasing smile.
"Haa, Kamito is truly a natural demon king......"
Fianna sighed in resignation.
And.
"Excuse me, Kazehaya Kamito-dono."
"---?"
All of a sudden, his shoulder was hit from behind.
Turning around, an elderly man with frighteningly good physique was glaring sharply at Kamito.
A fearless face like a falcon. Blue hair that was trimmed short.
......He somehow had the impression that there was a great resemblance to someone he knew well.
"Umm, you are---"
Kamito knit his brows with suspicion and,
"Grandfather!"
Ellis let out a surprised voice beside him.
"Grandfather......wait, no way!"
Kamito realized.
Then this old man was---
(The empire's chief advisor on military matters, Duke Fahrengart---)
A hero of the Ranbal War that had contributed greatly. Honestly speaking, rather than by word of mouth, just seeing him, he was an important noble.
Claire, Rinslet and even Fianna who was from the royalty nodded respectfully.
Kamito, who was staring in blank amazement, was lightly elbowed by Claire and hurriedly nodded respectfully.
"You need not be so rigid. Lift your heads."
Duke Fahrengart nodded in a composed manner and smacked Kamito's shoulder.
"I have heard much about you from Ellis. Your feats in the Blade Dance are truly admirable."
"......Umm, it's an honor."
Kamito replied like that while still bewildered. He had imagined someone more fastidious as Ellis' grandfather, but he seemed unexpectedly candid.
"We troubled you with the matter of Velsaria. I am told that you were the one who severed those foolish misguided notions. She said she would like to meet you once again after she has finished atoning for her crime."
"Ah, my esteemed sister did, to Kamito......?"
Ellis interjected, looking like she was doubtful.
"What, are you interested?"
Duke Fahrengart teasingly patted his granddaughter's head.
"N-No, that's......"
Ellis' face went bright red and she twined her fingers.
Seeing that, Duke Fahrengart nodded like he had reaffirmed something and,
"Kamito-dono."
"Eh?"
He leaned in near Kamito's ear and whispered.
"I leave Ellis to you. She has her overly serious and stubborn points but she's an earnest girl. I trust you have no problems with her heritage?"
"Umm, what do you......"
He tried to ask but his shoulders were grabbed.
"However---"
Duke Fahrengart's voice lowered.
"Affairs are not allowed, they are not. You had best remember this. If you make my granddaughter cry, the full military might of Fahrengart house which stands at the head of the warrior class will become your enemy."
Grind, grind, grind......the old man's fingertips dug into his shoulder.
(......This old man has crazy grip!)
Kamito shuddered......if he were to make Ellis cry, he may really be killed.
"With that, I shall excuse myself here. I will be hoping for your victory."
Duke Fahrengart smiled gently and left quietly.
"......"
"Ka-Kamito, well, what did my grandfather say to you?"
"Ah, no, he entrusted me with you. O-Of course he meant as a teammate."
Kamito scratched his head while averting his eyes and,
"I-I see......"
Ellis held a hand to her chest as if relieved.
"---It seems the other teams have also come."
Everyone turned to the stone gates at Claire's words.
The ones who entered were the Knights of the Dragon Emperor spearheaded by Leonora Lancaster.
"Leonora---"
Kamito was about to call out but---
He changed his mind when their eyes met.

---The next time we exchange words will be when we blade dance.

He remembered the words she said when they parted.
Exchanging words was unnecessary. What came later would only be serious sword strikes.
Leonora smiled fearlessly and immediately turned her eyes elsewhere and left.
"......I feel amazing divine power. It looks like they've also leveled up."
"Yeah. Leonora now is probably stronger than she was when the Dragon Blood was raging. Her eyes had no trace of hesitation."
"......Mu, Kamito observes Leonora-dono quite a bit."
"Truly, you at least tamed her with that date."
"I said that wasn't a date!"
Kamito shook his head in a fluster in response to the unsatisfied glares of Ellis and Fianna.
The next to appear were the Sacred Spirit Knights who had advanced through the Tempest in second place.
They were wearing a uniform that was like the reverse of the Rupture Division's. Since the Principality of Rossvale had gained its independence from Lugia, it was expected.
Standing at the head was the Paladin --- Luminaris Saint Leisched.
A nineteen year old female knight with interwoven brilliant blonde hair. She was a powerful person that had fought Kamito in the Blade Dance for the championship three years prior.
(......She's a powerful holy spirit user. I had a hard battle against her.)
Kamito remembered that time.
A holy attribute spirit had a strong resistance to darkness spirits. Consequently, his darkness elemental waffe, Vorpal Sword, was completely repelled.
It seemed like she had sought revenge against Ren Ashbell for three years, but decisively suppressed the surrounding weaker teams in the Tempest.
(......It's probably something like having a conclusion at the finals.)
To begin with, she thought the commander of Team Inferno was the real Ren Ashbell but---
"It's already time. Does Team Inferno not plan to appear?"
"Well, as long as they leave a familiar, they can hear the oracle."
Kamito answered Claire's mutter.
And. The hall suddenly became noisy and then fell into silence.
Princess maidens wrapped in white ritual clothes came from the altar's inner door.
The five Queens that directly served the Five Great Elemental Lords. Their faces were shrouded by a veil so the audience couldn't see them.
"Reicha's the furthest on the left."
Fianna whispered so that just Kamito could hear.
Even the girl of whom he had an unshakeable impression that she was a normal girl when they'd met at the Grand Shrine was now wrapped in a solemn atmosphere.
The Queens at the center continued out in front of the shrine.
Everyone came to a pause and paid attention to the words that came from those lips.
Then---
"---I will now relay the Elemental Lords' oracle."
The Queen's dignified voice was carried throughout the hall by the power of wind spirits.
"---The stage for the finals is the old abandoned capital, Megidoa."

Parting from Mireille's group, they exited the Grand Shrine.
The refreshing night breeze bore the clamor of the large audience.
"---The abandoned capital Megidoa, huh."
Kamito muttered as he walked along the gently sloping hill.
"......It was unexpected. To think that a place I've never heard of would come up. At least, it shouldn't have been a stage for the Blade Dance until now."
Fianna said with a shrug. Since she who had come from the Divine Ritual Institute had no knowledge of it, it was hardly a place most people would know.
Choosing a sacred ground within Astral Zero was the usual for the Blade Dance.
Even so, having an abandoned city that wasn't anything like a sacred ground chosen was---
(......As I thought, something's strange about this Blade Dance.)
It was as if errors had appeared in a perfect system.
(......If that's so, what's the cause?)
The Blade Dance three years ago had proceeded normally.
What broke that was---
(......!)
A flashback.
Within the encroaching black Wish, the boy reached out a hand for the darkness spirit girl.
"Ah, ku......!"
Assaulted by a sudden dizziness, Kamito held his head.
"Kamito, what's wrong?"
Claire asked in a worried tone.
"......Ahh, I'm fine. I just felt a little dizzy."
Kamito waved his hand to tell her not to worry.
......Those memories seemed to be locked away and could not be recalled.
"---There's also the field, but we also have to consider the blade dance form."
"That's right."
Claire nodded in response to Ellis' mutterings.
The rule decided upon by the Elemental Lords' oracle was "Cross Fire".
The duration was three days. It was basically the same as the Tempest, survival within the field, but the difference was that each team member would be teleported to a different location.
"To put it bluntly, there is a need to search for one's comrades. If a team gathers quickly, they gain the opportunity to crush every one of the enemy team's elementalists."
It seemed Claire had already begun thinking about tactics suited to the rules.
Bang!
At that time, a rainbow-colored flower bloomed in the night sky.
---It was a firework. Kamito stopped in his tracks and was entranced by the blooming fireworks.
The seven-colored lights danced into various forms and entertained the onlookers.
The lights were really spirits being released.
"It's beautiful......"
Claire murmured as she gazed at the fireworks in a trance.
"They're launching spirit crystals for that, right? It's ridiculously high up."
"Jeez, your thinking is that of a plebeian."
Claire shrugged her shoulders, sounding a little surprised.
"When you speak of fireworks---"
And Ellis opened her mouth as if she had just remembered something.
"When we return to the academy, we have to prepare for the Grand Spirit Festival."
"Grand Spirit Festival?"
"It's an academy festival that is held at Areishia Spirit Academy every year. The Sylphid Knights also become so busy we'd even accept the help of a cat, so you had best prepare yourself as well."
"So there's an academy festival. It sounds fun."
"Yeah. But the side that keeps public morals can't say that. The spirits in last year's Raven Class production went wild and became a big problem."
"T-That brings back memories......"
"T-There might have been something like that!"
......In order to avoid the issue, the problem children combo from the Raven Class turned towards the future.
"I'm part of the group that was just admitted, so I have Freya-sensei's supplementary lessons after we return."
Fianna sighed a little.
......They were only about ten days ago, but those days at the academy were nostalgic.
Two months ago, Team Scarlet consisted of only Claire and Kamito.
But they had gathered five teammates, won through the ranking battles and made it this far.
---There were three days left in the Blade Dance.
He wondered if he could regain that which was important to him with his own hands.
(Or possibly lose everything......)
An even grander firework bloomed in the night sky.
"I wonder if we can win and return to the academy safe and sound."
Maybe from being sentimental, Ellis voiced her anxiety.
"We've come this far. We only need to blade dance with all our strength."
"Yeah, that's right."
"If we combine our strength, we can even defeat that fake Ren Ashbell---"
At that moment, Fianna's face seemed to cloud over.
"Fianna, what's wrong?"
"......I-It's nothing."
Kamito inquired and Fianna averted her eyes as she shook her head.
He was a little interested in her attitude but---
(......That's right. I must win against that other Strongest Blade Dancer.)
---In order to discover the truth behind three years ago and save Restia.
Underneath the leather glove on his left hand, the darkness spirit's seal throbbed with a dull pain.
And.
"---That's the spirit. Claire Rouge."
Until she called out, nobody had noticed her presence.
Turning around, a beautiful woman with ash blonde hair was there.
"......Greyworth?"
Drawing the spirit crystal's light closer and coming over, it was the Dusk Witch.
"Headmistress, what are you doing here!?"
Claire said in a surprised voice.
"---Sorry, but I'll be borrowing the lad for now."
"Kamito?"
"For what? Tomorrow is the finals."
Kamito said as if snarling and,
"The night is still long. Doesn't improving relations suffice as a reason?"
"Wha!?"
All the young ladies were stirred up at Greyworth's words.
"K-Kamito, don't tell me, even up to the headmistress......"
Gogogogogogogo......!
"Haa, the scope of Kamito-kun's defense surprises me sometimes."
"Kamito-san really doesn't have any boundaries!"
"C-Curse you, such shameless......"
"W-Wait, there's really nothing like that!"
Kamito yelled in a panic.
Seeing the young ladies' reactions, Greyworth smiled like she was enjoying herself.
"It was a joke. I'm not stealing the lad, so rest easy."
""""W-We weren't worried!""""
The red-faced young ladies gave a collective cry.
"If it's a joke, I'm heading back."
Kamito tried to turn to leave and,
"Well, don't be in such a rush. I have something I'd like to impart to you."
"What?"
"I can't give it to you here. It's necessary for your victory."
Greyworth's expression had become serious at some point.
"......"
Kamito thought for a little---
"......Okay. Let's finish this quickly."
"Whether it will be short or not depends on you."
Greyworth shrugged.
Kamito turned to his teammates and,
"Sorry. Please return to the castle ahead of me."
"......Y-Yes, we will."
Claire nodded a little sadly.
"Ahh, that's right. Bring along that sword spirit."
"Est?"
"Since the night is dangerous. A means to defend oneself is necessary."
"You need protection? What kind of joke is this......is that okay, Est?"
"Yes. I am Kamito's sword. For as long as you wish."
Est nodded and changed form into her elemental waffe, Terminus Est.

Greyworth descended from the hill and walked into the deep forest.
The night spirits floated between trees, giving off mysterious light.
"We'll be there soon. Improving relations has to be done somewhere others can't see."
"Wha......!"
"Don't blush every time. You're really cute."
"Kuu......"
The Dusk Witch smiled like she was having fun.
The sound of fireworks still echoed from far away.
"......It's been a long time. Walking through the forest with you like this."
"You tricked me by saying we were going mushroom hunting in the forest and we ended up hunting an archdemon class spirit."
Kamito leered at Greyworth who was walking in front of him.
"Ahh, that did happen."
"I really thought I'd die that time."
"But that live combat was the best kind of training, right?"
Greyworth shrugged.
"That was when you grasped the Bursting Blossom Spiral Blade Dance."
"If I hadn't, I would have died."
"Sheesh, since when did you become so rebellious. You were more honest and cute three years ago --- and we're here."
Greyworth finally came to a halt.
A large space made by clearing the forest. It was likely for the training of the Divine Ritual Institute's princess maidens.
"So what was it you wanted to give me?"
Greyworth's grey eyes seemed to be piercing Kamito as they gazed at him.
"---Kamito, I will entrust you with the final Absolute Blade Art."
"......Wh......at......?"
Kamito's eyes widened at the unexpected response.
The Absolute Blade Arts of the Dusk Witch who was called the strongest elementalist on the continent.
That was something that, together with Vorpal Sword, had created Ren Ashbell.
"......What do you mean? You should have already entrusted me with the secrets three years ago."
Bursting Blossom Spiral Blade Dance --- an anti-spirit destruction sword technique.
The technique that defeated the monster of darkness, Nepenthes Lore.
Anything beyond that technique shouldn't exist---
"Certainly, that technique is the top sword technique. If successful, it will even massacre an archdemon class spirit."
Greyworth shook her head.
"But there is a final secret that I didn't teach you."
"Final secret......"
Kamito gulped. The witch wasn't teasing him.
"Why---"
"There is a reason I didn't teach you it three years ago. If someone inexperienced with the Absolute Blade Arts uses it, his or her body will be destroyed."
"......"
Certainly, the Absolute Blade Arts which surpassed the limits of flesh would destroy the user's body.
In actuality, even now, Kamito had not mastered them to a sufficient degree.
"But that technique---"
"That's right. Honestly speaking, you shouldn't use that kind of technique in live combat."
Greyworth assented easily.
"But the you of now cannot win against the Strongest Blade Dancer. That is reality."
......He couldn't retort.
That was something that Kamito himself understood best.
"......If I perform that secret successfully, I can beat her?"
"---Possibly. You are weaker than you were then but your matured body is better. Your body now may be able to withstand the secret's recoil."
Greyworth's mouth curled and she placed a hand to the ground.
A beam of light like blood came out and an ominous magic square was drawn.
"---Come forth from the gates of Hell, earl that ascends to greatness, demon spirit Void!"
"......!"
From the center of the magic square glowing with red light came a formless lump of darkness.
Kamito's skin stood on end from the dreadful air of intimidation.
Formerly under Demon King Solomon, one of the pillars of his seventy-two spirits.
Greyworth extended her hand out and the lump of darkness became a sword at once, appearing in the witch's hand.
Elemental waffe --- Storm Bringer.
With an appearance greatly resembling Restia's Vorpal Sword, it was a jet black sword.
"......"
Kamito unsheathed the Demon Slayer wordlessly.
The shining silvery white brilliance lit up the dark forest.
"It's been three years since our last practice. Are you prepared, lad?"
"The you of three years ago wouldn't have asked that to an opponent that has drawn their sword."
He had nothing to worry about.
For the current Kamito, the power to defeat the other Ren Ashbell was required.
In an instant, Greyworth's silhouette disappeared.
Deflecting the blade flash, a harsh metallic sound resounded in the night forest.
"......!"
"Ohh, you withstood the first strike. It seems you've recovered your sense from long ago."
The elemental waffen created sparks as they ground against each other.
(As usual, such monstrous strength......!)
He instinctively shuddered.
If it had been Kamito before the Blade Dance, he wouldn't have been able to see through it.
---Yes, this was the blade of the one previously called the strongest on the continent.
The divine power gushing forth from Storm Bringer was overwhelming Terminus Est.
"......Est is losing!?"
"That spirit isn't inferior to mine. There is an inconsistency in your output of divine power. It's been your weak point since before."
Greyworth declared that coldly and increased her sword pressure.
"Kuu --- why, you......!"
Kamito filled Est with all the divine power in his body.
The silvery white sword gave off an oppressive shine and began pushing back against Storm Bringer in an instant.
"Yes, your instantaneous power exceeds me. However---"
Greyworth disappeared from his sight.
And faster than the thirst for blood---
"Absolute Blade Arts, First Form --- Purple Lightning!"
A stab like lightning gouged Kamito's abdomen.
"Kahaa!"
A severe impact hit him and Kamito's body hit the ground. The bodily damage from the elemental waffe was converted to mental damage, causing a severe concussion.
"---Stand. I held back."
"......"
Kamito groaned and shakily got to his feet.
It was true she held back.
Since he had taken an Absolute Blade Art but could still stand.
"......It's been a while since I've taken that sword technique."
While wiping the blood from his lip, Kamito smiled.
"Did that wake you up, lad?"
"Yeah. Thanks."
Once again, he readied the shining Terminus Est with both his hands.
He stared directly at Greyworth who stood before him.
He could feel something awakening within himself.
The memories engraved in his body were coming back vividly.
"The girls are waiting---"
Kamito smiled fearlessly.
"I'll have you pass over the strongest Absolute Blade Art quickly."
"---That's it, those are the eyes. Only those eyes haven't changed from three years ago."
Greyworth's grey eyes stared at Kamito.
The point of the demon sword slowly came to aim at the middle of Kamito's forehead.
It was an oppression that sent goosebumps along his skin.
"Listen well, I won't show you the secret more than once. Grasp its nature in that one strike."
"Just once?"
"What it means is it will be impossible if you cannot grasp it after just once. Simply inheriting the title as the strongest elementalist does not mean you have the qualities to learn the Absolute Blade's secret."
Greyworth informed him in a piercingly cold voice.
Kamito's whole body broke out in a cold sweat.
A momentary silence. Then---
"......Okay. That's enough."
Kamito gave a short nod.
A superficial sword would not pass for Greyworth.
In order to fill his elemental waffe with his thoughts, he closed his eyes and honed his senses.
What came to his mind was---
Claire, Fianna, Ellis, Rinslet --- the faces of his comrades.
And the Demon Slayer in his hands, Terminus Est.
(......There's no way I can lose!)
The sword in his hand was one which carried the Wishes of all of them.
"---Let's do this, Greyworth."
"Ahh, there's no use holding back. Come at me with the strongest technique you have."
"Has there ever been a time I've held back against you?"
He filled Terminus Est with all his divine power.
The silvery white sword shone dazzlingly, wiping away the forest's darkness.
Kamito charged as if to split the wind.
(---The strongest sword technique I can use now.)
He kicked the ground and accelerated. He changed to a reverse grip on the holy sword in his hands.
Then---
"Absolute Blade Arts, Destructive Form --- Bursting Blossom Spiral Blade Dance - Eighteen Consecutive Strikes!"
With a glint, countless scattered blades flashed.
The slashes' flashes were a destructive blade dance that boasted absolute killing power.
---Properly speaking, it was a technique for the purpose of defeating a mighty archdemon class spirit.
The storm of consecutive attacks resembling the blooming of a flower.
But the strongest witch on the continent --- stopped all of that with her blade.
Putting aside when she was in her golden age, Greyworth right now shouldn't be able to match up to Kamito physically. Then why was she able to take on Kamito's sword---
He came to know the answer soon.
(......!?)
Greyworth's ash blonde hair was giving off a faint luminescence.
It was the glow of the divine power she was expelling. And it was strong enough to be seen with the naked eye.
(While we were exchanging blows, she absorbed my divine power!?)
He wondered if that was the ability of Void's elemental waffe---
(No, that's wrong --- it's not that!)
Greyworth was matching her divine power to Kamito's divine power.
If one were to completely match their opponent's movements and breathing, he or she could make the opponent's divine power which would normally be repelled his or her own --- that was already something not of battle blade dancing but of the Divine Ritual Institute's princess maidens' specialty.
(This is the Absolute Blade's secret---)
The countless repelled sparks --- the concealed surges of the eighteen consecutive strikes that held absolute killing power.
The instant the final sword blow landed.
Kamito understood. The truth of the Absolute Blade's secret.
(......It's coming!)
Kamito had put all his divine power into the eighteen consecutive strikes.
---That enormous power was now infused into Greyworth's sword.
Evasion was impossible. He instinctively understood that.
Greyworth's lips moved slightly---
Then---
"Absolute Blade Arts, Final Form --- Last Strike!"
The glinting tip of the sword pierced Kamito's chest.

The Absolute Blade Art, Final Form --- Last Strike.
“You neutralize your opponent’s attack power and then hit him hard with a counter… huh. For an ultimate sword technique, that’s really unexpectedly simple.”
Kamito lay spread-eagle with his eyes open and muttered.
A number of healing spirit crystals were scattered about next to him. It seemed that Greyworth had been the one who had revived him from unconsciousness.
Kamito saw a head of neck-length, ashen blonde hair.
Greyworth’s face was right in front of his, looking down at him.
Beads of sweat condensed on Greyworth’s brow.
“The Absolute Blade Art... did you see it all?”
“Yeah. I think I got it, more or less.”
The feeling of having that ultimate attack tear into his body was carved into his memory.
(… But, can I actually use it?)
It might be obvious, but just seeing that ultimate attack wasn’t enough to master it. If you countered, you could defeat a stronger opponent, but it was a double-edged sword, as a single mistake could mean the end of everything.
So it was definitely not a skill he could just use carelessly.
“Ah, I see.”
Greyworth chuckled, seemingly satisfied-
-and then her body suddenly shook and buckled.
And her face fell right into Kamito’s chest as he lay there on his back.
“…… H-Hey, what the hell are you doing?!”
She didn’t look right.
Kamito shook her by the shoulders, but,
“Kamito, I’m leaving the rest to you-”
Greyworth clutched at her chest in pain and gasped for breath, seeming out of her mind.
And the light slowly disappeared from her grey eyes.
“Defeat Ren Ashbell…”
“Greyworth!”
Kamito’s scream echoed into that silent night.
It was in a cave beneath the ground of Ragna Ys.
A girl with a crimson mask opened her ruby eyes slightly.
She could feel that a great divine power had been vanquished somewhere.
“I see. Dusk has passed, and the dark night beckons.”
“Ren Ashbell-sama, is something the matter?”
The silver-haired girl Lily Flame stood prepared by her side and frowned.
“Right now, at this moment, an age has passed. That is all.”
“……?”
The masked girl, Ren Ashbell, stood up and began to walk outside.
“I’m going. To prepare for war.”
“A-Alright!”
A somewhat flustered Lily hurried after her master.
The insane spirit of darkness, the Snake of the Theocracy. I will not let anyone get in your way.
In order to topple the kings of this world.

---Princess maidens that serve a dragon may not wear underwear.

To all who have taken this book into their hands, truly thank you very much!
We have reached the eighth volume of "Seirei Tsukai no Blade," "The Night Before the Finale".
Having won through the Tempest admirably, Team Scarlet returns to the floating island. In preparation for the approaching finals, Kamito takes a short rest --- or so he thinks, but he ends up on a date with the strongest ace from the Knights of the Dragon Emperor, Leonora Lancaster!?
Last time and the time before that, flashy battles were happening so this time I delved into the heroines' pasts and the date with a heroine from another team. Of course, I have various things prepared for the finals which start next volume, so all of you who like battles, please look forward to it!
Thanks and now for the announcements. At present, Hyouji Yuitsusei-sensei's comic version of "Seirei Tsukai no Blade Dance" is serialized in Comic Alive's magazine. Please somehow support the invigorating battle scenes and insanely cute heroines that Hyouji-sensei draws.
Sakura Hanpen-sensei, thank you for your wonderful drawings as well. Leonora's armpits on the front cover look very good. Others that were drawn for the first time like Milla Bassett, Kamito from the past, Lolislet (← I wanted to try saying it), etc. were drawn very cutely.
To my editor Shouji-sama, I am always really relying on you. The rumored "Light Novel King ☆ Seiya" with a main character that seems to be modeled after Shouji-san is serialized in Comic Gene and is enjoying great popularity (advertisement).
Lastly, to all the readers. By receiving all your support, "Seirei Tsukai no Blade Dance" has reached its eighth volume. Sakura Hanpen-sensei, Hyouji Yuitsusei-sensei and Shouji-san, I will be going all out from here on, so I'm counting on you!
I read all the impressions from the cellphone survey carefully and I'm really happy to receive them. As usual, in the popularity rankings, Est and Restia are strong, and Kamito who appeared on the cover of the seventh volume also rose in popularity. From the team's young ladies, Ellis rose a little and after that, the rest feel average.
---With that, the ninth volume's finals will have more and more battles.
Cross Fire --- Amidst the blaze, what does Kamito see?
Shimizu Yuu, July 2012
Nice to meet you, after another long period, it's Sakura Hanpen!
The girl that wears no underwear, Leonora-san.
I wonder if it feels cold. Rather, wearing tights directly is so erotic.
Moreover, I wonder if wearing a miniskirt is on her preference.
When will there be a unveiling scene, I wonder.

Shimizu-sensei, when will you rip her clothes?
I'll be expecting it. Yes...

If I draw without thinking, there's too little space...I can't write enough...

That's just reaping what I sow but let's meet again in the next volume~ (´ω`)ﾉｯ
Thank you for picking this up!

—The night before the finale.
Immediately following the moment when the style in which the match finals would be conducted was announced at the grand shrine of Ragna Ys.
Under the cover of the night, one small flying boat landed in the middle of a forest.
The ship’s nationality was cleverly disguised, but it was actually the Alphas Theocracy’s high speed smuggling boat, loaded with a militarized spirit.
“…You’re finally here.”
There was a small sanctuary built within the forest.
At the front of the door, Lily Flame had been waiting for the boat.
From the entrance of the boat that landed without a sound, a group of priests, wearing jet-black robes alighted.
There were twenty of them. All of them had covered their faces with black cloth, but it could be easily inferred from their quick movements that they were trained combat specialists.
They were members of the Demon King cult's secret agency—Snake.
“—You sure took your time. I got tired of waiting.”
The one, who turned towards them and voiced out, was—a small girl with dark gray hair.
Muir Alenstarl. Like Lily Flame, she was also an orphan of the Instructional School.
In contrast to that lovely appearance of hers, she was an elementalist in possession of dreadful and unusual powers.
“It’s because you squandered the militarized spirits without even thinking. By right, Colossus and Garuda should be used in the finals, and yet—”
While Muir glared sideways, Lily sighed lightly.
In truth, negotiations with the Theocracy involved in the supply of militarized spirits were on the verge of breakdown until yesterday.
Had Team Inferno failed to achieve overwhelming victory in the Tempest recently, they probably would not be able to receive the support of a new militarized spirit.
—At this moment, an elderly monk stepped forward out from the group of black-robed people, and handed over to Muir a crafted box with delicate ornament added onto it.
“Be pleased. The great Hierarch has bestowed the strongest militarized spirit upon the likes of you.”
“Is it alright if we check the inside?”
“It’s fine.”
The elder nodded to Lily’s affirmation.
“The strongest militarized spirit—Huh? I wonder if this one would be usable?”
Muir casually opened the crafted box.
Stored in the box was—a dimly shining silver bracelet.
From an outsider’s perspective, it looked like some mediocre bracelet. However, the truth was that almost all of the many legend-class magic tools were of modest design without exquisite ornaments.
(The material is highly pure mithril?—)
The words engraved on its surface belonged to the lost language of High Ancient.
Lily squinted her red eyes characteristic of the Elfim race and read out the name carved over there.
“…Valaraukar!? Don’t tell me, that demon ruling over flames of ruination—”
A shiver ran down her spine. That was the true name of the archdemon that destroyed countless number of cities and countries in the far ancient times—the period of the Spirit War.
(—The Theocracy's Snake actually prepared such a spirit.)
It had the highest ranking battle strength for a militarized spirit possessed by the state.
Even Muir, who was usually composed, couldn’t conceal her surprise as expected.
However, like she wasn’t concerned about Lily’s trembling,
“It’s pretty boorish and isn’t something of Onii-sama’s liking.”
Muir put the bracelet onto her slender arm and spoke out her dissatisfaction.
It was the highest ranking tactical-class militarized spirit that could destroy a city singlehandedly.
However, to her, it was only one of her mere tools.
Driving spirits mad and exhausting their very existence, her weird power—Jester’s Vise.
That was what it meant to the Monster born with such a curse-like superpower.
Then.
“—You girls don’t have the right to have an opinion. Assassination puppets of the Instructional School.”
A ghastly voice could be heard from somewhere.
“Team Inferno is no more than the Hierarch’s pawn. Pawns should just play their assigned roles.”
From the darkness of the night, appearing like a mist was—
With blue hair reminiscent of snake scales, it was a girl wearing a lascivious clothing of a foreign nation’s custom.
The moment she showed up, the members of Snake prostrated themselves all at once.
“Sjora Kahn! Where have you been—”
Lily swallowed her words of complaint just before finishing her question.
She had already grasped that this witch had kidnapped Fianna Rey Ordesia by her own judgment in the midst of Tempest.
That was a clear act of disloyalty to Cardinal, Lily’s master.
However—
(I knew that that girl wasn’t someone that could be trusted from the beginning.)
The Theocracy's Snake was, after all, only related to an alliance formed out of their interest.
It was easy to reproach her of an act of treachery at this place, but it wasn’t a good plan to aggravate the relations with the Theocracy.
(…I’ll definitely make you atone for that.)
Lily stopped glaring at the witch silently, but in the next moment.
“Hey, are you ordering Muir? Despite that you’re a small fry beaten by Onii-sama.”
“Muir!?”
Lily subconsciously gulped in response to those provoking words coming from Muir’s mouth.
Then, the smiling composure disappeared from Sjora Kahn’s face.
“…What… was that?”
Her snake-like red eyes, filled with never-ending hatred, turned towards Muir.
“Oh, do you want to do it here? I’m quite alright for it, you know?”
Muir expressed a fearless smile.
“Onee-chan, if you fought with me, you’d die, you know?”
“Ug…”
Sjora’s cheeks slightly twitched.
Muir Alenstarl’s power as an elementalist was out of the norm. Even though the Theocracy's witch possessed considerable power, purely in terms of genuine battle skills, she could hardly match the graduates of the Instructional School.
Muir had already put on the bracelet of Valaraukar. If she released the militarized spirit here, the forest vicinity would vanish in an instant.
“Muir, stop it!”
Lily desperately shouted.
“What, Lily, are you ordering Muir?”
“If you cause an uproar here, you might lose the right to be a participant in the finals.”
“…”
Then, Muir puffed her cheeks sullenly.
“…I can’t help it then. I would hate it to be unable to play with Onii-sama at the finals.”
Reluctantly, she put her arms down.
Lily breathed a sigh of relief.
Muir turned around as if she lost interest in Sjora.
“Now that we’ve taken the toy, we have no use for such a boring place. Let’s go, Lily. We’re going to miss the screening of the final of The Three Cat Knights.
“W-Wait up, Muir…”
Lily hurriedly chased after Muir who ran into the darkness.
While she glared at the darkness the two ran into—
“—Those lowly assassins…”
The Theocracy’s witch Sjora Kahn intensely bit down on her molars.
Originally, Team Inferno was nothing more than mercenaries the Theocracy had hired. In spite of that, that girl claiming to be Ren Ashbell was taking action on her own accord.
Even that was annoying but—
(… That girl interfered with my plan.)
Sjora was so filled with rage that she could feel her insides boiling.
The one who released Sjora's captive, the Darkness Queen candidate—Fianna Ray Ordesia, was her without a doubt.
Had she not released the Ordesia princess at the time, Sjora would not have suffered such an unsightly defeat.
“…I’ll definitely not let this pass. That girl, those conceited brats from Instructional School, the girls in Team Scarlet, and Kazehaya Kamito—Everyone, everyone, everyone, everyone will be killed by my very hands.”
Her charming red lips quivered in hatred. Her defeat at Pandemonium was etched as an unerasable humiliation into Sjora’s memories.
“Princess—”
The elder of Snake opened his mouth as he remained prostrated on the ground.
“What is it?”
“It’s regarding your request, but we are definitely in possession of it.”
“Ah, is that so?”
At that moment, Sjora smiled with satisfaction.
That’s right, that was her goal for appearing here.
“It's here now, right? Show it to me.”
“Ye—”
The elder nodded, and respectfully held up a small ring taken from the sleeves of his robe.
“Fufu, this is…”
Putting the ring on her right ring finger, the witch smiled in satisfaction.
Sealed in the ring was a spirit that would form a pair with the demon Baldanders.
“The one who takes everything by force—Bandersnatch. With this, I’ll…”
Sjora Kahn was gazing at the ring with a rapturous expression,
“—And, one more thing. There’s a message for you, princess.”
The Snake elder continued with a flat tone.
“A message?”
“Yes—from our Hierarch-sama.”
“Our Hierarch-sama!?”
Rosy tones flashed across Sjora’s cheeks.
Years had passed since the Snake's Hierarch last bestowed any words upon her.
“R-Really—no, so, what did Hierarch-sama say?”
“Yes—”
The elder shortly nodded at the witch, who was hurriedly pressing on,
“Useless puppet, I shall take over from now onwards—he said.”
“…Eh?”
Without the time to understand the meaning of those words—
All twenty members of Snake present unsheathed their blades at the same time.
In an instant, the group of black robes rushed in. Silver flashes occurred in the darkness of the night, and twenty blades pierced the entire body of the witch.
“…Ha… You guys, what—!”
“All is within your plans. Princess, as one who has inherited royal blood, you shall now be the new vessel to incarnate the Hierarch.”
“…Ha, I was deceived… ug…”
“All in accordance with Hierarch-sama's guidance.”
The group that pierced the witch’s whole body sung the incantation in spirit language.
From the edges of the blades, violent flashes of lightning gushed out and mowed down the surrounding trees.
That sight seemed to be a ritual to summon an even stronger spirit.
“…Ah… Hierarch-sa…ma…”
The witch gasped as she reached her hand out to the sky—
Her body suddenly made a shaking motion.
Then—
“Ku, ha…haha…kuhahahahaha!”
Tearing up the silent, the loud laughter resounded in the stillness of the night.
“—As expected of the descendant of the royalty, I’ve nothing to criticize about its disposition as a vessel!”
“Hierarch-sama, that body is a temporary vessel. Please do not forget that.”
“I don’t need you to tell me that. It’s a little cramped, but I’ll endure until I obtain a proper body.”
He glanced at the prostrating group with a bored-look,
“The one to have the last laugh will be me.—Hello there, the other Demon King.”
The thing that had Sjora’s appearance wickedly distorted her lips.

It was late in the night before the final round.
Kamito was sitting in a chair by the sickbed with a grave expression.
The current location was the Divine Ritual Institute's treatment facility. Lying on the sickbed was the person once renowned as the strongest elementalist on the continent, Greyworth Ciel Mais.
"...It's not your fault. Don't look so depressed."
Greyworth spoke softly with a wry smile.
"..."
However, Kamito's expression remained unchanged. After all, the only reason why she collapsed was that she exhausted her own power for the sake of letting Kamito inherit the secret technique of the Absolute Blade Arts.
After that, Kamito instantly brought the unconscious Greyworth to the Divine Ritual Institute's treatment facility.
Thanks to timely treatment, her life was saved but all the pathways in her body for the circulation of divine power had been irreparably severed.
--In other words, she could never command spirits again.
The famous Dusk Witch and strongest elementalist was no longer.
"Why..."
Kamito trembled as he clenched his fists hard.
"You knew this would happen, but why..."
"It was going to happen sooner or later. Now it simply moved forward slightly earlier."
Greyworth spoke with self-mockery.
"I did mention in the past that I obtained temporary immortality and sustained youth simply through the Elemental Lords' Wish. As an elementalist, my original power was already long gone."
Saying that, she extended her arm before Kamito.
The spirit seal of the demon spirit had completely vanished from the right hand where it originally resided.
"Rather, I should say that it was my good fortune to have a chance to entrust that sword technique to you, lad. Even though it's a double-edged sword, and it's not like you absolutely cannot win without it..."
Greyworth stopped talking at this moment--
Her gray eyes stared sharply into Kamito's face.
"Lad, will you make me a promise right now?"
"Promise?"
"You must defeat that masked elementalist -- the other Ren Ashbell. You are the only one who can stop her."
"..."
Kamito was overwhelmed by her imposing manner which one could not imagine coming from a patient on the verge of death.
"...Yeah, I understand."
Immediately, he agreed vigorously.
...Nothing more needed to be said. That girl was surely an opponent he had to settle things with.
However, why would Greyworth be so insistent on this matter--
"Could it be that you already know? Her goal--"
"No, even though I tried investigating, neither her identity nor her origins have been elucidated at this point."
Greyworth shook her head.
"However, one thing is certain. Backed by the Alphas Theocracy, she has been stockpiling militarized spirits in preparation for the war that will sweep over the entire continent."
"War...?"
Come to think of it -- that Ren Ashbell did say something like that once.
Gathering combat potential for the sake of fighting the kings of this world.
"Lad, regarding the Ranbal War, how much do you know?"
"...The Ranbal War?"
Faced with this sudden question, Kamito frowned.
"I don't really know the details. Just whatever's common knowledge."
"...Hmm, for a lad of your age, that's pretty much to be expected."
The Ranbal War that once swept over the entire continent was the greatest large-scale war between countries in history.
The war initially sparked from disputes between minor countries over spirit crystal mining rights. However, due to the secret machinations of the major powers, the war gradually spread over the entire continent. During the great war, many elementalists were sent to the battlefield, thus tragically cutting short the lives of many young maidens.
--The Dusk Witch was the hero of that war.
"...During that war, many of my fellow princess maidens lost their lives. Amongst them were also many who admired me. I have no wish to witness another scene of that sort in the remainder of my life."
As if recalling distant memories, Greyworth murmured.
Her gray eyes, what were they actually seeing right now?
"Kamito."
Suddenly, she gripped Kamito's hand forcefully.
"Your sword is different from mine. Yours is a sword for protecting what's precious. Never ever forget this."
"..."
Uncharacteristically, the Dusk Witch displayed seriousness in her eyes, causing Kamito to gulp down a mouthful of air.
Nodding slightly, he gently let go of those freezing cold hands of hers.
"Okay, it's almost time for rest."
Greyworth murmured with exhaustion and lay back on the bed.
"It's also time for you to return to the castle residence. Those highborn ladies must surely be worrying."
"...You don't need me to stay and accompany you?"
"Hmph, who do you take me for?"
Greyworth could not suppress a wry smile.
"Or perhaps, you intend to do something obscene to me in my sleep? Seriously, lad, your strike zone is frighteningly broad."
"W-What are you talking about!? It's not like that at all!"
"Please don't be so loud. I am a hospitalized invalid after all."
"S-Sorry..."
Kamito apologized obediently.
"Hmph, you're still so adorable, lad. Ah yes, by the way--"
As if suddenly remembering something, Greyworth extended towards Kamito an envelope that had been kept on the bedside.
"This is?"
"After returning to the castle residence, please hand this over to those young ladies in your team. As the Academy's headmistress, there are words I'd like to tell those adorable students."
"...Got it. I will pass it along to them."
Kamito nodded and took the envelope containing the letter.
Wielding in his hand Est who had returned to sword form, Kamito was just about to leave the clinic.
"--Pleased to make your acquaintance, Kazehaya Kamito-kun."
At that moment, he suddenly heard a voice talking to him.
He looked ahead to find a princess maiden dressed in a pure white robe, standing some distance away from the entrance.
Her black hair was tied up behind her back. Her sky blue eyes displayed great intellect as they flashed beneath her glasses.
She counted as a slightly familiar face. Three years ago, Kamito had seen her once at the Blade Dance.
If he remembered correctly, this girl, two years older than Kamito, was named--
"...Dame Lurie of the Numbers?"
"Truly an honor. I didn't expect you to remember my name."
Smiling gently, she brought her hands to her cheeks delightedly.
Lurie Lizaldia.
Ranked eighth amongst the Ordesia Empire's prided Numbers.
Nicknamed -- Lurie the "Miraculous."
She was the highest ranking Healer who specialized in researching healing spells.
Although the Numbers were known as knights, it did not imply that all members were spirit knights with exceptional combat skills.
The time when the title corresponded to its literal description and was bestowed only upon knights was in the distant past. Not only did the current Numbers include experts in rituals, amongst its ranks were also learned scholars, princess maidens skilled in crafting magical tools, etc.
Amongst them, Lurie was the expert in healing magic.
She probably came here to accompany the Empire's spectating group, in case of accidents involving royalty.
"You came here to treat Greyworth?"
"Yes. The Divine Ritual Institute contacted me. Since Greyworth-sama is a hero the Empire takes pride in, I will surely devote my best efforts."
"...I see."
Since she was the highest ranking Healer of the current generation, leaving things to her should be fine.
"Greyworth seems like she will be sleeping for a while."
"I understand. Then I'll have her treated a little later."
Lurie smiled faintly.
"So..."
"What is it?"
"About Greyworth, she can no longer use a contracted spirit--"
Kamito halted his question with a grave expression. Lurie also bowed her head slightly.
"Her body was already heavily corroded by the Cursed Armament Seal transplanted on her heart."
"...A Cursed Armament Seal transplanted on her heart!?"
This was Kamito's first time hearing of that.
Although Cursed Armament Seal heart transplants had been performed during the Ranbal War as an initiative spearheaded by the knights, reportedly, there were virtually no successful cases.
Ellis' foster elder sister Velsaria had also undergone the same operation through a Murders merchant. In the end, she suffered the tragic fate of having her circulatory system damaged by divine power running amok.
"Without a miracle from the Elemental Lords which granted her immortality, Dame Greyworth's body probably would not have lasted till now. Even after the Ranbal War ended, in order to protect the Empire, she was obliged to continue her supremacy as the strongest elementalist."
And just as she was about to lose that power, the Dusk Witch entrusted everything she had to Kamito.
Everything she had protected to this point--
The future of the world.
"..."
As complicated thoughts and feelings swirled in his heart, Kamito stood silently in the same spot.
Seeing that, Lurie once again smiled gently and prepared to leave the clinic.
"Ah, by the way, Kamito-kun--"
However, she suddenly stopped walking and turned around.
"After the current Blade Dance ends, you should be receiving a recommendation to join the Numbers. Of course, it does depend on your performance during the finals, but currently the seventh and eleventh seats are still vacant. Given your ability, you definitely qualify."
"..."
The Blade Dance was also a stage for scouting outstanding elementalists.
Although he was still under the radar back in the Academy, having performed magnificently as the ace of Team Scarlet, Kamito had become the center of attention all of a sudden.
"Sorry, I'm completely uninterested in the Numbers title. I've already declined before."
"You've declined before?"
"Uh, no..."
Seeing Lurie incline her head in puzzlement, Kamito frantically shook his head and backtracked.
(...Right. Last time I refused was three years ago, as "her.")
"Never mind. Anyway, I have no intention of joining the Numbers."
"I see, how regrettable. However, should you change your mind, please come to the imperial capital. An elementalist like you is always welcomed."
Lurie shrugged lightly and suddenly turned her gaze towards outside the half-open door.
"It's about time for me to go. Your little kitten is getting jealous over there."
"...?"
Puzzled, Kamito followed her gaze and looked--
From the gap in the door, he could see a pair of swaying twintails.
"...What are you doing?"
"Uwaaaa!"
Hearing his voice, the red-haired young beauty frantically jumped out.
Her eyes of ruby were adorned by lovely lashes. Pristine white complexion. Despite the paucity of her chest, the elegant curves of her body was evocative of the image of a graceful female cat.
"I-I didn't come here to peek! I-I just wanted to check out the situation a bit, uh..."
"Hoho, well then, Kamito-kun, see you around."
"...~!"
Bidding the two goodbye, Lurie walked out casually.
As if taking turns in shifts, Claire rushed forward to Kamito's side.
"Kamito, what were you talking with Lurie-sama about?"
Claire asked, slightly displeased.
"Oh yeah, she asked if I was interested in becoming one of the Numbers."
"I-I see..."
Probably expecting it, Claire did not seem especially shocked. However.
"T-Then, what did you...?"
She looked up at Kamito with a worried gaze.
"Of course I refused."
Kamito smiled wryly and shook his head.
"Why? The Empire's Numbers is a goal that all elementalists admire and strive for."
"I'm not interested in that kind of thing. I only, how should I put it--"
Kamito paused at this point.
(...I really enjoy life at the Academy together with Claire and the girls .)
--Of course, that sentence was far too embarrassing to say out loud.
Hence, Kamito coughed and tried to change the subject.
"P-Putting that aside, what are you doing here?"
"I came to visit the headmistress... So, is she okay?"
"Yeah, her life is not in danger. But she's currently asleep so don't make too much noise. Oh well, since the healer from the Numbers came to treat her, there's nothing to worry about."
"...I see, I'm glad to hear that."
Seeing Claire breathe a sigh of relief, Kamito could not help but feel a sense of guilt.
Regarding Greyworth's loss of the power of the spirit contract, it was probably best not to disclose to the girls for now. With the final round imminent, he could not let them worry too much.
"Okay, let's get back to the castle residence. Tomorrow is the finals."
"Yeah. Right now, everyone is having a strategy meeting."
Resuming a serious expression, Claire nodded.
Having returned to the castle residence, Kamito opened the room door.
"Kamito!" "Kamito-kun!" "Kamito-san!"
Sitting around the table, the other three teammates called out all at the same time.
"Kamito, how is the headmistress' condition--"
"It's okay. Her life is not in danger."
Ellis had stood up and Kamito gave her the same answer he gave Claire just now.
"I-I see..."
Ellis soothed her chest with her hand in relief.
Amongst the students, Ellis particularly respected Greyworth. In addition to taking on the duties of the Sylphid Knights Captain, Ellis even worked in a capacity akin to her secretary. No wonder she was so worried.
"Kamito-san, you must be tired too. I will brew tea immediately."
As soon as Kamito took a seat, Rinslet served herbal tea. The warm and cozy tea fragrance instantly gave one a calming sensation.
After waiting for Kamito to catch a bit of a breather, Claire spoke up.
"So, now that Kamito has returned, let us continue our strategy meeting. Although we are greatly worried about the headmistress' condition, we must now focus our attention on handling tomorrow's final round."
"Yes, that is correct indeed."
Ellis nodded and answered. Fianna and Rinslet nodded likewise.
While Kamito was absent, they had discussed the rules of the finals. Several hours earlier, the rules had been delivered by a Queen's oracle -- Cross Fire.
This was similar to the Tempest event where teams competed for magic stones in a vast field, except this time it only lasted three days. Furthermore, the members of each team were going to be randomly transported to different locations.
Once transported into the field, the participants must search for their own teammates. Before converging with their team, it was possible to encounter and battle enemy elementalists.
This set of rules could be described as intermediate between an individual and team battle. How quickly one could converge with their team was the key to victory.
"On first glance, these rules appear to favor teams with Search-type elementalists, but teams will definitely target that aspect and counter it. Compared to a battle relying on strongholds with constructed barriers, this is a totally different game."
"Communications spirit crystals are probably unusable. Carrying them will be pointless."
Kamito agreed with Claire's assessment.
"...Right. Although there are no explicit rules forbidding participants from carrying spirit crystals, it would be better to assume that the field have been set up with a barrier to obstruct communications type magic completely."
"Regarding the field this time, I investigated a little..."
--Fianna took out several ancient books at this time, plopping them on the table.
"These books are?"
"Information about the field for the finals. Milla gathered them."
"Milla did this?"
--Milla Bassett. The representative from the Principality of Rossvale and originally the leader of the Rupture Division.
Unable to return to her home country because she helped Kamito, Milla had now become a maid for the Laurenfrost family.
This castle residence was clearly quite distant from the Biblion, but even so, Milla had put forth all her effort into gathering information for Kamito's group.
"Then we really must thank Milla properly afterwards... Well then, what have we learned?"
"Yeah. There are some rather interesting facts."
Fianna nodded.
The location prescribed by the Elemental Lords' oracle was the abandoned city Megidoa.
Even for Fianna who was from the Divine Ritual Institute, it was her first time hearing of such a place--
"The abandoned city Megidoa was formerly named the City of Ivory. Far in the ancient past, it was a city constructed by spirits--"
Fianna explained slowly.
"At the same time, during the Spirit War, it was the final battlefield."
"...Spirit War."
"You've heard of it?"
"At least I've heard the name before. I remember it from Freya-sensei's supplementary lessons... If my memory serves me correctly."
"...Looks like you really know nothing but the name. This is considered basic knowledge in the Divine Ritual Institute."
"Anyway, isn't that a war in fairy tales?"
The Spirit War -- a massive war between spirits in the past that had once turned Astral Zero into scorched earth.
Vying for domination over this world, the faction of the Five Great Elemental Lords fought against the faction of rebel spirits. After persisting for centuries, it was said that the faction of the Five Great Elemental Lords were victorious-- ...But in actual fact, the believability of that historical account was rather suspect. Besides, even if a war once took place on Astral Zero thousands of years ago, it did not feel real at all.
However.
"No. The Spirit War was not simply a war in fairy tales."
Fianna shook her head in objection.
"How so?"
"In recent research, a lot of evidence has been discovered that proves the existence of the Spirit War. You see, during the Ranbal War, weren't all the ruins and historical sites across the continent thoroughly explored for the sake of excavating sealed spirits and spirit crystals? At the time, many inscriptions were discovered."
"...So it's like that?"
Raised in the Instructional School, Kamito was not very educated in these matters.
Even though Restia and Greyworth had taught him a certain level of knowledge, Kamito was completely unacquainted with the latest theories and discoveries.
"Why did the spirits rise up against the Elemental Lords?"
"There are several hypotheses circulating but most believe there was an exceptionally powerful existence leading the spirits."
"A powerful existence strong enough to oppose the Five Great Elemental Lords eh..."
Hearing that, the first thing that surfaced in Kamito's mind was--
"That particular name" -- the one he only found out recently.
The sixth Elemental Lord who had been purged from all records.
(...Ren Ashdoll.)
Could the mastermind behind the Spirit War be the Darkness Elemental Lord who seemed to share deep ties with Kamito--?
Just as Kamito was caught in deep thought.
"This is the first time in history for the abandoned city of Megidoa to be selected as the field for the Blade Dance festival. Surely, there are too many irregularities in proceedings this time."
Claire grumbled with a serious expression.
"Oh well, putting that aside for now, that's basically all the information we have regarding the field. Since it is an ancient battlefield, it is very likely the leylines are chaotic and unable to be used. Ritual magic must be used with care. Also, seeing as unpleasant spirits tend to congregate in ancient ruins, everyone should prepare some spirit crystals to make it easier to activate barriers."
Based on the information at hand, Claire offered sensible advice.
...As expected of the Academy's honors student?
"One more thing. This came from whispers of the wind I heard earlier--"
Ellis spoke up at this point.
By "whispers of the wind," Ellis was referring to intelligence gathered by wind spirits just as the words implied. Wind spirits had vast movement ranges and amongst the five great attributes they were the most suitable for gathering intelligence.
"The representative from the Holy Kingdom of Lugia, Luminaris Saint Leisched of the Sacred Spirit Knights, has obtained divine armaments from her home country."
"...Divine armaments?"
Claire asked with great surprise. Kamito also felt intrigued.
Unlike elemental waffen which took form from contracted spirits, divine armaments were physical weapons at best.
Even if it was a special weapon imbued with the divine attribute, it was still just a weapon.
The Blade Dance did not prohibit participants from carrying conventional weapons. In actual fact, Kamito also carried short swords for throwing, though that was a special case.
Considering there was a weight limit for items brought into the match, there were virtually no advantages for an elementalist to prepare conventional weapons if they were capable of using powerful elemental waffen.
"What would she do with that kind of thing?"
"...Who knows. It would be hard to imagine it being essential for the renowned Paladin."
"Perhaps it's used for some sort of ritual magic? Isn't there a type of spirit magic that requires swords and blades as catalysts to activate?"
Claire, Ellis and Fianna discussed the matter as Rinslet poured new tea in everyone's cups without caring about the matter.
(The Holy Kingdom of Lugia's Paladin...)
Three years ago, the user of the holy sword elemental waffe who competed against Ren Ashbell for victory. Although she was a knight of foreign country, she was definitely powerful enough to qualify as a candidate for the Numbers.
Purely due to Restia's darkness attribute being a poor match, Luminaris was the only opponent who posed a difficult challenge in the last competition. Of course, despite such an overwhelming handicap, the Strongest Blade Dancer, Ren Ashbell still defeated her with pure power--
That beautiful knight with her head of pretty blonde hair.
...In the end, Kamito had not even exchanged a single word with her.
An elementalist who had given him trouble in the finals -- to Kamito, that was all she was to him.
However, the girl's forthright gaze left him with some impression.
Compared to Ellis who was likewise a knight, she was different.
Completely steadfast -- a gaze of purity to a dangerous degree.
--At this moment.
A deep ringing of a bell sounded in the corridors outside.
The clock had struck midnight.
"...It's time to start."
"Yeah."
It was finally the day of the finals. Claire and the girls all showed nervous expressions.
--The blade dance in the next three days will decide the final victor.
Everyone had clawed their way for victory in the cruel ranking battles for the sake of this day.
"There's not much point in continuing this meeting. Let's retire early and rest in preparation for tomorrow."
"Yeah, that's true." "Right." "Staying up late is not good for the skin."
All the highborn ladies agreed with Claire.
"Well then, see you tomorrow."
Kamito was just about to return to his own room.
"Oh right."
Suddenly he recalled something.
"By the way, I have a letter from Greyworth."
Taking out the sealed envelope from his uniform, Kamito handed it over to Claire.
"The headmistress sent this to us?"
"Yeah. It's probably for mental preparation before the finals or something like that."
Even though the witch did not seem like the sentimental type, she must have put a lot of thought into her student's important stage.
Like entrusting the final secret technique. Definitely, there was something she wanted to transmit to them.
Claire opened the letter while the other three girls watched from beside.
"..."
They read the letter silently for a while--
" " " "Eeeeeeeeeeeh!?" " " "
Suddenly, they all screamed loudly, blushing to their ears.
"...What is it?"
"N-No, n-nothing at all!"
Claire frantically hid the letter behind her.
"Uwaaaaah, w-what should we do..."
"Th-This kind of task is completely impossible!"
"But, if we don't do it then Kamito-kun will--"
"Th-That's right, since the headmistress has said so..."
The group of girls chattered away quietly in discussion.
"...?"

(...That letter, what did it actually contain?)
Driven out of the room by the young ladies and having returned to his room, Kamito leaned Est against the wall and laid himself down on the bed, still wearing his uniform.
(...Oh well, whatever. Speaking of which, today sure was tiring.)
As soon as he lay on the soft bed, he suddenly became aware of all the fatigue in his body.
...This was hardly surprising, given all that had happened throughout this entire day.
A date with Leonora Lancaster the ace of the Knights of the Dragon Emperor, as well as the battle against Ellis and the rest in the Water Elemental Festival in the lake.
In the True Sanctuary he had listened to the Queens' oracle regarding the finals, then -- Greyworth had entrusted him with the final secret technique.
The strongest countering sword skill, one that could even defeat the anti-spirit destructive sword technique of the Bursting Blossom Spiral Blade Dance.
Absolute Blade Arts, Final Form -- Last Strike.
"..."
Reaching out with his right hand into the darkness, Kamito bent his fingers one after another in the air.
At the time, his entire body had suffered the impact. The numbness in his arms still had not dissipated completely.
As if reluctant to lose grasp of the secret technique's true nature, Kamito clenched his fist tightly.
(--This is no ordinary sword technique for combat but one meant to be applied in the ritual kagura of princess maidens.)
While defending against the enemy's attacks and using ritual kagura to interfere in divine power, sword strikes were converted into a dance performance that absorbed the enemy's divine power. Furthermore, once the divine power expanded to an explosive level, it was released all at once to unleash a one hit kill attack--
...In theory, it was basically something like that.
Of course, it was impossible to learn a sword technique by relying on theory alone.
Even though Kamito was born with exceptional talent in analyzing combat techniques, trying to master an understanding of ritual kagura movements overnight was too much of a stretch.
Greyworth had also mentioned that the sword technique was a double-edged sword. Depending on the situation, it would be best to avoid using it as much as possible--
"...However, perhaps there really is no other choice. In order to defeat that girl."
Team Inferno's leader.
The masked elementalist who called herself Ren Ashbell, just like Kamito three years ago.
Kamito had faced her in direct combat only once, that time in the forest when he rescued Claire and the rest. In just a few rounds of clashing, she had clearly displayed overwhelming strength.
Furthermore, she had not even released her elemental waffe back then.
Why would such a powerful elementalist be completely unknown until now?
Also, her goal seemed to be just as Greyworth predicted, to bring the chaos of war back to this continent--
(...Anyway, pondering it now would be useless.)
Kamito sighed and put down his outstretched right arm.
(Having arrived at this point, all that's left is a dialogue through swords.)
Right now, it was imperative to recover from the fatigue accumulated from learning the secret technique, as well as restore his severely depleted divine power.
Feeling all the muscles in his body tense up, Kamito slowly closed his eyes.
--Just at this moment.
"Hey Kamito, are you still awake?"
"...Claire?"
Kamito frantically jumped up from bed--
Only to see Claire standing before the door.
"What's the matter?"
"Ah, hmm, uh..."
...Probably about the final round, or did she have something else to confirm?
His mind filled with questions, Kamito lit the spirit crystal by his bed.
"...!?"
Instantly, he could not help but hold his breath.
Standing in front of the door, Claire had changed into a flimsy lace nightgown.
Perhaps because she had just come out from a bath, her red twintails seemed to be steaming subtly with moisture.
"S-Say, uh..."
She shyly twiddled her fingers. This particularly charming act caused Kamito to hastily shift his gaze away.
"You can't sleep?"
After all, the finals began tomorrow. Being nervous was only natural.
"Hmm, yeah..."
"I see."
Kamito nodded.
"Then I'll accompany you for a while. After all, I can't fall asleep yet either."
"Th-Thank you..."
Claire stiffly nodded and entered the room.
"May I sit here?"
"Sure."
Claire cautiously took a seat on the bedside.
From her moist hair, Kamito could smell the fragrance of shampoo.
"..."
"..."
In this manner, the silence persisted for several seconds.
(Th-This is too embarrassing...!)
Kamito gulped.
He was currently alone in the same room with a beauty in a nightgown.
...No wait, although they shared a room back in the Academy residence, there was never a time when they sat on the same bed like this.
Claire continued to keep her gaze cast elsewhere as she fiddled with her fingers.
(Man, she's so cute...)
...As much as Kamito was reluctant, he could not deny this fact.
Just as Kamito found himself gazing mesmerized at Claire's facial profile with her moist hair--
"Hey, d-do you have anything amusing to talk about?"
Finally, Claire spoke up.
"Something amusing?"
"Hmm, yeah, normally I would read a book I like before going to sleep, but because Rinslet spoiled the ending for me, I have nothing to read now."
"...Ah, speaking of which, you two were quarreling this morning because of that."
This morning, Kamito was dragged out by Mireille to act as the arbitrator for their dispute.
However, thanks to that, he was treated to Rinslet's breakfast and got to hear about their childhood stories.
"Sorry, I don't have anything amusing to talk about."
Kamito shrugged and shook his head.
Somehow, he felt like this had been happening a lot lately.
...If memory served him correctly, this also happened when the two of them had gone to negotiate with the Rupture Division.
"So, what's the continuation of the incident last time?"
"Incident?"
As Kamito frowned, Claire turned around to face Kamito.
"That one, didn't you tell me about it at the theater? How you met the headmistress four years ago, Kamito. Just tell me the continuation of that story. You promised then that you'd tell me later."
"..."
Kamito was at a loss for words for a moment.
...He did remember he had made such a promise indeed.
(...What a terrible situation.)
Continuing from that incident, there was no way he could avoid mentioning the Blade Dance three years ago -- the time period when Kamito was still the Strongest Blade Dancer, Ren Ashbell.
As much as possible, he did not want to mention things related to that--
(...However, it's no wonder that she would be intrigued.)
Kamito cast his gaze towards his leather gloved left hand.
What Claire wanted to hear were most likely things related to Restia. It was already impossible to assert that the darkness spirit who had been pulling strings in the shadows behind the Blade Dance stage was none of Claire and the girls' business.
"...If you don't want to talk about the past, I won't force you. I'm sure you've gone through a lot, Kamito. But please, at least tell me a little."
Claire paused for a moment and continued:
"--What is that darkness spirit's goal?"
"..."
Stared at directly by those eyes of ruby--
"...It seems like it's something about making me awaken."
Kamito answered vaguely and ambiguously.
He did not choose to be so ambiguous for the sake of deceit or anything like that.
...To be frank, even Kamito was not sure what Restia's purpose was concretely.
However, it was absolutely certain that she wanted to use the current Blade Dance to let "something" dormant in Kamito's body awaken.
Furthermore, that goal seemed very likely to coincide with Ren Ashbell's.
Also--
'--I hope you can assassinate them. The five Elemental Lords.'
The statement that lingered in Kamito's hazy memories.
The Wish Restia entrusted to Kamito three years ago.
How were Restia's current actions related to that Wish --
"Awaken? You mean that 'Darkness Elemental Lord' or whatever?"
Claire asked with a serious expression.
"Then I have no idea..."
Kamito shook his head and continued:
"However, there is one thing I am absolutely certain. The place I grew up in, the Instructional School is the hell existing in this world. In that hell, she was the one who bestowed upon me a human heart. No matter what her current intentions are, I will absolutely take her back. It is for this very reason that I entered this current Blade Dance."
Kamito tightly clenched his left fist that was clad in a leather glove.
"Is that so..."
Claire showed a lonely expression.
"She's always occupied Kamito's heart, I see."
"...Hmm?"
"...N-Nothing."
Blushing, she turned her gaze away as if sulking.
--Just at this moment.
A rumbling of running footsteps could be heard from outside.
"...?"
Kamito frowned and in the next instant--
"Claire, stealing a march on us is really too sly of you."
Flinging the door open, Fianna appeared, dressed in a nightgown.
Faced with the situation, Claire frantically got up from the bed and stood up.
"W-What, w-what do you mean by stealing a march!? I-I had no intention of anything like that..."
"W-What were you two doing!?"
"C-Clearly we all promised to do it together!"
After Fianna, Rinslet and Ellis made their appearance, also in their nightgowns.
Rinslet was hugging a pillow while Ellis held a teddy bear in embrace.
"...W-What happened, why has everyone gathered here?"
Kamito voiced his puzzlement.
"...Sigh, it can't be helped."
Hearing Kamito's question, Claire slumped her shoulders as if surrendering and faced Kamito once more.
"U-Umm, Kamito..."
Still continuing to blush, she coughed once.
"Hmm?"
"T-Tonight, you will be sleeping together with all of us!"
"...Huh?"
This time it was Kamito's turn to be completely dumbfounded.
(H-How did it come to this!?)
...Several minutes later.
Lying on the bed in his pajamas, Kamito had already repeated this question to himself an uncountable number of times.
The bed in the room was quite large, but even so, squeezing all four young beauties on it meant that they could not avoid being in close contact with one another.
"Ah, mmm... H-Hey, everyone is leaning too close to Kamito!"
"Th-This is something that cannot be helped, otherwise we would fall off the bed."
"...W-Wow, a male's body feels so solid."
"Fufu, Kamito-kun, it's perfectly fine for you to use my bosom as your pillow, okay?"
Boing. Boing.
"...!?"
The beauties' breathing brushed past the back of his ear. Their whispers continued nonstop.
As if about to be suffocated by maidenly body scent, Kamito felt his sanity on the brink of collapse.
"Fuah, Kamito, you are not allowed to move... J-Just leave everything to us."
"That's right, Kamito-kun, all you need to do is sleep right there... Yes, smooch♪"
While Claire caressed Kamito's chest with her slender fingers, Fianna used her lips to kiss Kamito on the neck.
"H-How could I possibly sleep in a situation like this...!?"
Kamito tensed his entire body and yelled out.
According to Claire, this was apparently a type of ritual magic for recovering Kamito's energy.
Something about being in contact with the bodies of princess maidens would stimulate the circulation of divine power.
...The root cause of this situation stemmed from Greyworth's letter.
Apparently the letter said that Kamito had exhausted a great amount of divine power in order to learn the secret technique, hence there might be adverse effects on the final round the next day, etc.
Furthermore, the letter also gave step by step instructions on the ritual magic required to recover the depleted divine power.
(...Damn it, what did that witch do this time!?)
The image of Greyworth's malicious smile surfaced in his mind.
"K-Kamito, if we do not press our bodies closer together, the effect produced will not be enough, okay..."
"...E-Ellis!?"
Ellis' soft bosom was pressing hard against both his arms, accommodating in shape with great elasticity.
Only a thin layer consisting of a lacy nightgown and underwear separated them from intimate contact between each other's bare skin.
Vaguely visible beneath her nightgown was the black underwear she only wore on occasions of "decisive battles."
"A-A serious captain of the knights can't be doing something like this!"
"...N-No it is not like that, hyah..."
The usually stern maiden knight was looking at Kamito with passionate eyes.
Kamito could not stop his heart rate from accelerating.
Her armor removed, her ponytail untied, the impression she gave off was completely different from usual.
Watching her blushing cheeks and her dark-brown eyes which seemed to be filled with unease--
Kamito felt a surging impulse to embrace her tightly in his arms.
(...W-What the heck am I thinking!?)
Kamito frantically shook his head as if trying to drive out evil thoughts.
...But since the bed was packed full with girls, in actual fact all his body could do was move slightly.
"...Kamito-san, I-I shall offer my divine power to you too."
"Rinslet...!?"
A seductive sound of clothing friction could be heard.
This time, it was Rinslet who was crawling over Kamito's body and drawing her face near.
Her lips were as lovely as rosebuds while her adorable eyes were like emeralds.
Slightly curling at the tips, her blonde hair was lightly brushing against Kamito's face.
"J-Just this once, I am Kamito-san's body pillow..."
"Ah, uh..."
...Kamito could feel his cheeks getting hot and his heart beating faster and faster.
These highborn ladies from prestigious noble families normally displayed such intense pride.
But now they were pressing themselves tightly against Kamito in a manner completely contrary to that.
Boing boing.
(...G-Girls really have such supple bodies.)
...Even though things had already progressed to this point, Kamito could not help but be confronted with this feeling of reality.
"S-So, Kamito-san..."
Rinslet whispered shyly by his ear.
"W-What is it?"
"Umm, I can feel your breath when you exhale, Kamito-san... Ah... Yah..."
As if feeling ticklish, the highborn lady twisted her body and gave off a cute scream.
"S-Sorry, but it can't really be helped in a situation like this... Woah!"
Kamito frantically turned his face away, only to instantly bury himself into something soft.
...Full of elasticity, the sensation was comfortable beyond belief.
"Fufu, Kamito-kun, this is your favorite royal breast sandwich♪"
"I-If you're an imperial princess, then please don't say something so tasteless!"
Kamito yelled with his face all red.
Due to the activation of ritual magic, the spirit seal on Fianna's chest was glowing faintly blue-white.
"Jeez Kamito, you're such an idiot..."
Ouch.
"...!?"
This time, Kamito felt a sudden bite on his arm.
"C-Claire...!"
"...Mmm... Ahmmm... D-Don't forget, you are something that belongs, smooch... to me."
The tip of Claire's cute tongue was licking Kamito's skin like a kitten lapping up milk.
Kamito felt his entire body shudder from this sensation he had never experienced before.
"Hmm, Kamito's sweat, it's a little salty..."
Claire swept up her hair from her neck and licked Kamito's arm in earnest.
Her red eyes seemed to have lost focus as if her mind was in a daze from a fever.
"Oooh, smooch... D-Don't get the wrong idea, this is just a ritual for recovering your divine power..."
"Th-That is correct, Kamito! Tonight, please entrust your body to us--"
"We'll gradually eliminate your fatigue!"
The young ladies on the bed timidly reached out with their fingers.
"...Umm, that's kind of completely impossible."
...In a situation like this, Kamito could not possibly fall asleep gradually.
"Fufu, looks like it can't be helped."
Fianna smiled and drew a small magic circle in the air with her finger.
"Fianna?"
"Nimbly dancing spirits, please bestow restful slumber upon the warrior -- Sleeping Cloud."
Instantly, a purple mist covered the entire room--
Thus Kamito's consciousness sank into darkness.
...The next morning.
Boing. Boing.
"Ooh, mmm..."
Surrounded by a rather comfortable sensation, Kamito woke up.
"...Was it just a dream?"
Half-awake, Kamito muttered to himself. However--
"Uwah, Kamito, where do you think you are touching..."
"K-Kamito-san is such a pervert..."
"...!?"
The whispers by his ear prompted him to suddenly sit up on the bed.
"...A dream, yeah right!"
The memories from last night before Fianna's sleep hypnosis remained vividly in his mind.
Sleeping in the same bed as Kamito were the highborn ladies in their nightgowns sleeping soundly with adorable breathing noises. Seeing Claire's thigh exposed from under the hem of her nightgown, Kamito blushed and frantically turned his gaze away.
"Kamito, I-I can't believe you forced me to do something so shameless, you are truly, yaaa..."
"Fufu, doing this with everyone, Kamito-kun is truly the Demon King of the Night..."
"...W-What the heck are you girls dreaming!?"
Kamito remarked in exasperation as he listened to the girls talking in their dreams.
"...I'd better go take a shower and purify myself as well."
...In any case, this sort of situation was really terrible for his mental health.
In order not to wake Claire and the girls, Kamito quietly got out of bed.
Leaving the bedroom, he opened the curtain to the entrance of the Purification Chamber.
"...Meow?"
"Woah...Ah."
Only to find a fiery burning object crouching on the floor by his feet.
Claire's contracted spirit, Scarlet.
Normally, Claire would hug Scarlet in her sleep like a hot water bottle, but because she was squeezed in with everyone else on Kamito's bed last night, Scarlet had no choice but to sleep out here.
"...I almost stepped on its tail."
Kamito sighed with relief.
"Meow meow."
The hell cat spirit stood up and started walking in circles around Kamito.
Normally, contracted spirits did not open their hearts to anyone apart from their contractor. But who knew if it was because Kamito fed Scarlet all the time or not, Scarlet displayed unexpected intimacy with Kamito.
"You want to bathe together too?"
Kamito asked half jokingly but Scarlet shook its head vigorously.
"...Oh well, you're a flame spirit after all. Being afraid of water is only normal."
After rubbing the hell cat's head, Kamito took off his pajamas and entered the showering space.
Using his hand to touch the tiny spirit crystal that was inlaid in the metal stand, he infused a little divine power. Very soon, water began to flow forcefully out of the hole in the ceiling.
The icy cold water droplets helped him to gradually cool down the elevated temperature of his body.
As Kamito took his wet hand, intending to scrub his body, he discovered that the teeth marks left behind by Claire's bite were still visible.
Recalling again what happened the previous night, Kamito blushed.
"...That Greyworth, I really shouldn't have worried about her."
Even after losing the power of the spirit contract, the witch was still a witch. From the very start, watching Kamito squirm in awkward situations had always been her greatest entertainment.
"...But anyway, the effects of the ritual magic seem to be real."
Slightly clenching his fist to summon strength, the faint phosphorescent glow of divine power appeared all over his body.
All his fatigue from the previous day had been dispelled. Kamito's body was back in peak condition.
In this state, even using Est at full power would not exhaust him so quickly.
At this time.
"Kamito, time to scrub your back."
"Yeah, thank you."
After answering politely--
"...Hmm?"
Kamito tilted his head in puzzlement.
"...Say, woah!?"
Turning around, he found an incomparably beautiful fairy.
Long silver-white hair shining with dazzling brilliance. Pristine snow-like skin as white as fresh milk.
Those mysterious violet eyes of hers were staring expressionlessly at Kamito.
The sword spirit -- Terminus Est.
Renowned as the legendary Demon Slayer, Kamito's contracted spirit.
"E-Est! W-Why are you here!?"
Blushing, Kamito frantically turned his gaze away and screamed.
Est's current appearance was naturally her usual naked kneesocks look.
...Oh well, although there was nothing strange about being naked in the shower, she apparently still adhered adamantly to her philosophy of never taking kneesocks off, even in a place like this.
Expanding due to the moisture, the black kneesocks seemed even more seductive for some strange reason.
"Kamito, if you don't sit down I cannot scrub your back."
"I-It's okay, don't worry! I can handle it myself!"
Hearing that--
"..."
Est glared expressionlessly at Kamito.
"Kamito, I was unable to get into bed this morning."
"Eh?"
"I was unable to get into bed this morning."
She repeated herself.
"..."
Come to think of it, Est always crept secretly into Kamito's bed every morning.
Presumably because the highborn ladies had occupied the entire bed, she was unable to sneak inside this morning.
"...Are you actually angry about that?"
"No, I am not angry. Master."
"No no no, you are definitely angry!"
Despite the fact that it was difficult to read Est's thoughts and feelings from her expressionless face, whenever she addressed Kamito so distantly, there was no doubt that she was angry.
"...I-I am in the wrong! Next time you crawl into bed, I'm not going to be angry again."
"Really?"
"Yes, let's make this a promise."
"Uwah, Kamito..."
Kamito placed his hand on Est's head and gently caressed her beautiful silver hair.
...Looks like her mood had lifted.
However, Kamito could only relax for a moment.
"So Kamito, please turn your back to me."
"Like I said, how did it come to this!?"
"Kamito, I was unable to get into bed this morning."
"...I-I get it. Sorry."
Giving up on resisting, Kamito sat down with his back facing Est.
Est pressed her tiny palms tightly against Kamito's back.
(...C-Clear my mind of unnecessary thoughts.)
Indeed, this was definitely nothing worth feeling guilty about.
(Just a contracted spirit helping me scrub my back, that's all.)
The floating soap bubbles gradually expanded.
Then--
Splash.
"...!?"
An unknown sensation coming from his back made Kamito greatly alarmed.
"Kamito, what's the matter?"
"E-Est... Say, y-you're touching my back."
"...? Of course, because I am washing your back, Kamito."
A bouncy sensation.
"N-No, that's not what I mean, your chest..."
"...?"
Est inclined her head in puzzlement and pressed her sud-covered body even closer.
...This situation was terrible. Extremely terrible indeed.
Although Est had no intentions of that sort--
The small yet extremely elastic sensation on Kamito's back was very dangerous in various ways.
"P-Please, just scrub normally with your hands--"
Just as Kamito was midway through his sentence.
"--Kamito, please listen to me."
Pressing her body tightly against him, Est whispered in Kamito's ear.
Her petite lower jaw was resting against Kamito's shoulder.
The wet silver hair draped and clung to his burning hot skin.
"...Est?"
"Kamito, you have accepted my fate as the cursed demon sword. Hence, as your sword, Kamito, I shall accept the entirety of your being, Kamito."
"..."
"Even if you are the reincarnation of the Demon King, Kamito, my feelings will not change. I am your sword, Kamito, and your wish is my command -- Promise me, you must be absolutely victorious."
These were the thoughts and feelings invested in this blade dance by the normally cool and collected sword spirit, now voiced out loud.
In order to respond to Est's feelings, Kamito replied:
"--Yeah. I'll be relying on you, partner."
Kamito turned towards his shoulder to face Est and nodded vigorously.
--Then in the next instant.
"Meow--Meow--!"
"...?"
Just as what seemed to be Scarlet's call was heard coming from outside, the door to the shower space was forcefully flung open.
"Uwaaaah, y-y-you, what are you making poor Est do!?"
Claire appeared, shouting with her face all red.
"Kamito!" "Kamito-kun!" "Kamito-san!"
Following closely behind were Ellis, Fianna and Rinslet, equally astounded by the sight.
"N-No! This is because--"
Kamito tried his hardest to explain, however--
A situation where he was accompanied by a beautiful girl spirit dressed in nothing but kneesocks, all covered in soap suds...
...He could not find any reasonable explanation at this time.
"...~Y-You sexual deviant!"
"Shameless, completely shameless!"
"Sigh, Kamito-kun surely is the Demon King of the Daytime."
"Y-You damned atrocity, I will make you into a ham cutlet sandwich!"
Rumble rumble rumble rumble rumble rumble......!
"H-Huff, huff..."
Faced with the burning rage of the young ladies, Kamito's face twitched convulsively.
Having had breakfast at the castle residence, Kamito and his group gathered in the lobby.
Next, the group was going to meet the princess maidens sent by the Divine Ritual Institute to lead the way on foot to a transport Gate a certain distance away.
Kamito was carrying the entire team's luggage by himself.
Although the weight of luggage allowed into the field was limited and therefore no one could bring too much, the sum total of five people's luggage was quite a burden.
Especially Fianna who used ritual magic, her bag was stuffed to a bulging degree.
"...Say, what's inside this?"
"Candle holders, large mirrors, stand made from unvarnished wood... As well as all sorts of ritual outfits."
"...I see, so that's why it's so heavy."
Kamito shrugged helplessly.
"This is your deserved punishment. Carry the luggage properly."
"Just treat this level of exertion as training for your back and legs."
"It's all because you're too much of a pervert, Kamito-san!"
The young ladies seemed to be still angry about the morning incident.
...Oh well, simply punished to carry the luggage was already quite fortunate.
As a side note, Est had returned to sword form and was hanging at Kamito's waist.
The exposed blade reflected light streaming in through the window, glittering with dazzling brilliance.
The lobby was not only occupied by the members of Team Scarlet. The various members of the Laurenfrost family were also present to see them off.
"Onee-sama, you must save Judia-oneesama."
"Don't worry. We will surely obtain victory in this blade dance and fulfill the Wish."
Rinslet gently caressed her younger sister Mireille's head.
Her Wish was to rescue her other younger sister, Judia Laurenfrost, who had been eternally sealed in cursed ice by the angered Water Elemental Lord.
Naturally, not only Rinslet but also everyone in the team, all of them shouldered their own respective reasons that compelled them to win in this battle.
"Onii-sama, please remember to protect Onee-sama."
Mireille smiled lightly towards Kamito again.
"Ah yes... Wait a minute, I'm not your brother."
"Th-That's right! Without Father's permission, that kind of thing..."
"But my lady, when I reported to Margrave Laurenfrost the day before yesterday, he frequently praised Kamito-sama."
"Carol, y-you, w-what are you talking about~!?"
"Fufufu..."
Thud thud thud.
Blushing intensely, Rinslet hammered her fists against the incompetent maid's back.
...The final battle was clearly imminent, but the current scene felt no different from usual.
(...Oh well, this is more like the way we are.)
Kamito smiled wryly inside.
"--Kamito."
He suddenly found someone tugging his uniform from behind.
"...?"
Turning around, he found a young girl in an adorable maid uniform standing there.
Slightly wavy dark-brown hair.
Eyes of heterochromia.
She was the former Rupture Division leader and currently the personal maid attending to Mireille, Milla Bassett.
"Milla, thank you very much for the information you gave us yesterday."
In response to Kamito's thanks, she said:
"I am simply doing my part naturally as the ally of Team Scarlet."
Milla quietly shook her head.
"Kamito..."
"Hmm?"
"...Please, return safe and sound."
"Yeah, don't worry. We will surely return victorious."
"Mmm~, seriously, Milla, is that all you're going to say?"
"W-What are you talking about...!?"
As Mireille teased Milla jokingly, Milla instantly blushed shyly.
"The princess maidens responsible for leading the way have arrived. Time to go."
"Understood."
Bidding Milla and the rest goodbye in front of the castle residence, Team Scarlet set off.
Following the guidance of the princess maidens leading the way, the group walked in the forest.
Because special transport magic was being used this time, the transmission location was not at the True Sanctuary but in four temples in the forest.
"--Everyone listen carefully, let's make a final confirmation."
Claire walked as she raised her index finger.
"After being transported to the field, we must prioritize converging with teammates. Before our team is gathered, try to avoid unnecessary battles as much as possible. This applies even if the enemy is alone."
Their main strategy had already been discussed in the meeting last night.
Other than Kamito, all other teammates must avoid one on one combat as much as possible. They were to battle as a team from start to end.
Even though Claire and the girls were excellent elementalists, they still faced substantial difficulties in going head to head against the ace-level elementalists participating in the current Blade Dance.
Let alone Ren Ashbell, as soon as any of them faced the Instructional School's Muir the Monster, Dragon Knight Leonora or Paladin Luminaris, chances of victory were very slim.
Team Scarlet's strength lay in their teamwork. Although their cooperation was quite lacking when the team was initially formed, they now meshed with one another's traits like gears, allowing them to perform several times better than their original strength.
Naturally, they performed best when all five members were gathered in formation, but even when fighting as pairs in tactical units, they could probably muster enough power to oppose the individual aces of various teams.
Hence, they must gather in groups of at least two before engaging any enemy teams.
However, Kamito was the exception with his ability to defeat ace-level enemies singlehandedly. Instead, he should proactively seek out battle in order to weaken the other teams.
(...That said, none of these enemies would be easy to defeat, given they were elite enough to advance to the finals.)
In terms of pure power, Muir with her special ability of the Jester's Vise definitely held the advantage. Also, the power displayed by that other Ren Ashbell was only the tip of an iceberg.
Ultimately, it was best to avoid unnecessary combat and meet up with the team as quickly as possible.
They walked for dozens of minutes as they discussed.
"--The destination is here."
The princess maidens leading the way stopped before a small shrine in the forest.
The doors were opened to reveal five faintly glowing magic circles drawn on the stone floor.
"Are these the Gates responsible for transporting us?"
Kamito laid down the luggage he was carrying in his arms against his chest.
"Kamito, thank you for your labors."
"Everyone, let's carry the minimum with us. For now, we'll have my Fenrir keep the things that are only needed after we meet up."
Snapping her fingers, Rinslet summoned the white wolf with a flurry of wind and snow.
The white wolf widened its jaws and instantly sucked in the luggage.
"I'll carry the equipment for ritual magic myself -- Georgios!"
This time it was Fianna who summoned her knight spirit.
The tall armored knight opened up parts of his armor and took in her bag into the empty space.
"Doesn't this mean there was no point in making me carry the luggage?"
Kamito grumbled as he stepped on one of the glowing Gates.
"These are your respective magic stones."
The leading princess maidens handed over to everyone the spirit crystals containing spirit magic for making the spatial Leap.
This was identical to the ones used in the previous survival battle -- the Tempest.
Since the field was surrounded by an isolation barrier established by the Elemental Lords, there was no way to leave through ordinary means.
Once transported inside, an elementalist could only exit the field if their magic stone was taken or damaged -- in other words, a defeat in the blade dance.
"--May the princess maidens bestow the blessing of the Elemental Lords upon these proud elementalists!"
With the solemn declaration of the princess maidens, everyone's Gate was activated.
"Kamito..."
"Hmm?"
Suddenly, Claire called out to Kamito.
"...Very soon, we'll see each other again, right?"
"Why, are you feeling lonely?"
"...~I-Idiot, h-how could that be possible!?"
With a blushing face, Claire turned her gaze away.
Kamito smiled wryly--
"--Don't worry. Very soon, we will find each and every one of us."
Instantly, Kamito's entire body turned into particles of light and disappeared.
Meanwhile, in another temple in the forest--
"Ladies, starting from this moment, we will perform the final mission issued by Des Esseintes."
The blonde maiden knight took off her white overcoat and tossed it aside.
Worn beneath the overcoat was a uniform with white lines against a red background, similar to the Rupture Division's uniform in design except with the colors reversed.
Her sapphire eyes were infused with intense brightness. Her braided long blonde hair shining with dazzling brilliance.
She was the Paladin -- Luminaris Saint Leisched.
The leader of the Sacred Spirit Knights representing the Holy Kingdom of Lugia.
The young female knights, all with hair cut uniformly to shoulder length, stood motionless in a row before her.
Although one of the teams Kamito encountered in the Tempest also shared the name of the Sacred Spirit Knights, the team right here was trained to a completely different level.
Amongst the three sent by the Holy Kingdom of Lugia, the two defeated teams were merely vanguards.
The team present right here was their true number one squad.
--Within the Kingdom, the most elite team renowned as "Stahl Loewe."
Their power rivaled the Knights of the Dragon Emperor from the Dragon Duchy of Dracunia. In terms of team strategies, they were well-matched against the Quina Empire's Four Gods.
"Well then, to assist the completion of the mission, I have something to give you all."
Luminaris drew a magic circle using the sword in her hand.
Immediately, five blindingly bright beams of light were produced as long rod-like objects appeared from them.
A nervous atmosphere began to spread amongst the young female knights.
The shining tips of sharp lances -- These were five lances with holy scripture engraved on their shaft.
Specially crafted divine armaments -- the Longinus Copies.
Forged by top craftsmen of magical equipment, these were replicas of a legendary class magical equipment.
Due to being physical weapons forged from mithril, they were harder to use compared to elemental waffen. But for experienced elementalists, as soon as divine power was infused into them, they became effective weapons.
They were particularly powerful against spirits carrying the darkness attribute.
More importantly, these weapons carried a special effect -- all it took was the infusion of simple Search magic and they could automatically seek out the direction of darkness spirits.
The Holy Kingdom of Lugia's number one squad had received two missions from their country's Des Esseintes.
Superficially, their mission was complete victory at the Blade Dance.
But their true secret mission was -- "The extermination of darkness spirit Restia."
As for why the darkness spirit's extermination was necessary -- the reason was completely undisclosed.
However, to the knights of the Holy Kingdom of Lugia, the orders of Des Esseintes were absolute. Hence, they did not question missions in any way, instead they simply carried them out silently.
During the Tempest event, Restia was accompanied by the powerful monster Nepenthes Lore which prevented them from taking action. But this time, the rules were intermediate between an individual and team battle. So long as they seized an opportunity when the darkness spirit acted alone, there were ample chances of success.
(In addition--)
Luminaris muttered to herself internally.
(...That darkness spirit was her sword.)
Three years ago, Luminaris had lost to that opponent despite the overwhelmingly favorable conditions.
Restia was the elemental waffe of the Strongest Blade Dancer -- the Vorpal Sword.
(--Facing the same opponent, I will not allow myself a second defeat.)
Luminaris looked up and sternly announced.
"Confirming our tactics once again. Our first priority is the extermination of the darkness spirit. As for the commander of Team Inferno, Ren Ashbell, do not engage her in combat unless three or more teammates are gathered. Over!"
"Affirmative!"
The young female knights nodded simultaneously and gripped their respective Holy Lance.

Opening his eyes, Kamito found a dim gray sky displayed before him.
"...Is this place the stage for the final round?"
Experiencing the dizziness unique to the aftereffects of Leap, Kamito surveyed his surroundings.
Entering his view were the scattered ruins of an astoundingly vast city.
Monolithic structures resembling shrines stood tall everywhere, or rather, collapsed rubble and debris formed mountains. Strange trees were growing out of the ground, displacing stone tiles, creating a scene like a sea of trees.
"As the stage for offering kagura to the Elemental Lords, this is really a creepy place."
The abandoned city, Megidoa -- a historic battlefield of the Spirit War thousands of years ago.
Howling winds blew sand and dirt across his cheeks.
Compared to the sanctuary Ragna Ys, the air was completely different.
The presence of destruction -- a substance that could be described in such a way, clung stubbornly to one's skin.
Here was a place completely devoid of life's presence.
Even the presence of spirits, which should normally be widespread throughout the world, was also--
"...In any case, it looks like there aren't any enemy teams I'll run into straight away."
Kamito started walking as he paid close attention to his surroundings.
These massive structures gave off an intimidating presence simply by existing.
Although this was in Astral Zero, a realm where time was half-stopped, the sight of these millennia-old structures still standing intact was quite astounding.
--Suddenly, Kamito noticed something as he approached the walls surrounding the abandoned city.
(...Perhaps, these building materials are not simply stone?)
One would like to call them stone, but their surfaces were as smooth as mirrors.
...It was hard to imagine that an object that had withstood erosion from wind and rain over millennia could remain in this condition.
Just as he reached out with his hand to pat dust off the surface, sparks scattered where his fingers made contact.
The divine power released from his fingertips had reacted with the stone material.
(...This, it can't be!)
Kamito widened his eyes.
If one were to ask what kind of substance could react to an elementalist's divine power, only one answer came to mind.
(These ruins were originally built from unrefined spirit crystals!?)
Truly incredible -- but based on what he witnessed, it was the only conclusion.
This abandoned city could have been a massive mine for spirit crystals.
Only because the purity of the crystals were low, they could not be used even after processing.
Standing there in amazement for a while--
(...By the way, now is not the time to be doing something like this. I must find Claire and the others as quickly as possible.)
Coming back to his senses, Kamito instantly began to search around.
"...By the way, I might as well try this."
Searching his uniform pocket, he took out a communications spirit crystal.
Infusing a little divine power through his fingers, he concentrated his awareness--
kx,kxkxkx--kxkx,kx--
Bringing it to his ear, all he could hear was the noise of static.
"...No use. Oh well, I never expected it to either. So, what about this?"
Next, Kamito took out a different type of spirit crystal and quietly chanted the words for releasing.
In it was sealed a guide spirit which was very handy during times when lost.
Kamito had caught it in the Spirit Forest near the Academy before the Blade Dance started.
The fairy of light was quickly summoned and began to fly casually in front of Kamito's nose.
"Tell me, which way is north?"
Might as well try asking--
...However, the fairy simply tilted its little head and kept spinning in circles in the same spot.
"...Oh my, I guess I have no choice but to search on my own two feet."
Was this because an isolation barrier had been erected within the field, or was it a property of the abandoned city's land itself? In any case, clearly he could not rely on convenient spirit crystals.
Of course, this was already anticipated as soon as they heard the rules for the Cross Fire event.
Hopefully, he could meet up with at least one other member from Team Scarlet before night fell--
"...Hmm?"
At this moment, Terminus Est gave off faint light as it hung on his waist.
"...Est?"
Kamito touched the sacred sword's hilt and infused a little divine power--
Within the blink of an eye, the sword had transformed into an adorable silver-haired girl.
"What's the matter, Est?"
"Kamito, I recognize this place."
"What's the story?"
Indeed, Est was a spirit who had lived for centuries -- no, millennia.
Recognizing a place that had been a battlefield during the Spirit War was not anything too mindblowing.
However, the current Est was supposed to carry only the portion of power that split off from the original Demon Slayer when the contract with Kamito was established. Hence, only fragments of her memory remained--
"...Could it be that your memory returned?"
"No."
Est shook her head expressionlessly.
"But this scenery is indeed stored in my memory--"
--At this moment.
A terrifying presence suddenly appeared.
"...!?"
"Kamito, a terrible presence--"
"Yeah, I know."
Earlier, there were no presences around, not even spirits.
But now, Kamito could sense hostility so strong that it pricked his skin.
(An enemy elementalist? No--)
Instantly, as if spewing out from the earth, numerous shadows appeared in the surroundings.
"...What!?"
Humanoid shadows with ambiguous outlines.
"What, these guys!? They're... spirits?"
"These are the ghosts of destroyed spirits -- Forsaken Spirits, Kamito."
"...The ghosts of spirits?"
"Yes. When spirits die with excessively strong resentment, sometimes they lose their spiritual qualities, becoming ghosts that linger in the ground -- This abandoned city seems to harbor large numbers of these ghosts."
"...I see. After all, this is the historical site of a battlefield."
Muttering, Kamito licked his parched lips.
Although spirits had all sorts of forms, these ghosts were all generic humanoid without exception. Did all spirits all become like this when their spiritual qualities were lost--?
The ghosts gave off resentful noises as they reached out towards Kamito.
Kamito frantically held Est's hand as he dodged the arms coming from all directions.
"...Tsk, these guys are not targeting me but Est!?"
"Apparently so, Kamito. Very likely, I--"
As if trying to smother Est's words--
The Forsaken Spirit swarm attacked once again.
"...Tsk!"
"Ah, Kamito!?"
Kamito swiftly embraced Est with both arms and took a flying leap.
"Dealing with them one at a time would take forever. We must break through in one go, Est."
"Yes. I am your sword, your wish is my command--"
Est nodded in midair.
--You, Dispassionate Queen of Steel, sacred sword that destroys evil!
--Here in this time and place, take form as the sword of steel to become the power in my hand!
As the spirit seal gave off dazzling light, a shining silver-white sword immediately appeared in Kamito's hand.
"Sorry, I don't have time to handle your obsessions."
Wielding the strongest elemental waffe, Kamito charged into the swarm of ghosts.
"...The wind blows with much hindrance, this place."
Her ponytail swaying in the wind, Ellis murmured with a surprised expression.
The spatial Leap had transported Ellis to the interior of a massive building in the ruins.
This was a place like a great hall, covered all over by a collapsing ceiling.
In the center of the hall, the crumbling remains of an altar stood there in a pile. Very likely, this place was used as a shrine in ancient times to make offerings to spirits.
"O Wind--"
Ellis spread her arms in the air and summoned the wind.
But the wind that usually responded to her call was silent now.
All she could hear were faint background noises.
(...I cannot sense the presence of spirits. The leylines have also been ripped completely apart, right?)
She gnashed her teeth in her mind.
--A battlefield site from the Spirit War. One would find it difficult to imagine such a place as appropriate for performing blade dances in offering.
The Elemental Lords, why would they select a place like this as the stage for the most important festival ceremony?
(...Anyway, I must hurry and meet up with Kamito and the rest.)
Although she had been sending out Wind for reconnaissance, under such conditions of chaotic leylines, they probably could not fly very far.
As expected, she had to search on her own two feet.
In order to walk out of these ruins, Ellis turned to the massive stairway in the hall. Just at this moment.
The wind shuddered slightly.
"...!?"
Ellis halted immediately and tensed her body.
(--Someone is approaching?)
She instantly summoned her demon wind spirit Simorgh, releasing it as her elemental waffe Ray Hawk.
With wind swirling around the spear tip, she stayed high alert of her surroundings.
(There is no sign of anyone near, however...)
Instantly, the ground beneath her shook.
(...Down below!?)
Ellis instantly made the decision to chant Flight magic and jumped directly upwards.
Immediately, a giant plant emerged from the position where she had been standing.
Numerous wriggling vines extended and chased after Ellis as she flew through the air.
"What--!"
Faced with the unexpected attack, Ellis reacted an instant too slow.
The vines swiftly entangled her ankle and dragged Ellis towards the ground.
"Watch this--"
Turning Ray Hawk around in a backhand grip in midair, she severed the vines--
However, in the next instant, she was suddenly struck with searing pain.
(...This is paralytic poison!?)
Her concentration broken, Flight magic dispelled, Ellis fell straight towards the ground.
Just as her body was about to crash onto the surface--
"--Evil winds, go and rampage!"
Ellis unleashed Ray Hawk's full power.
The released tempest sliced open the ground, protecting Ellis from the impact of her fall.
Rolling on the ground, Ellis tried to stand up but her movements were hindered by one paralyzed leg.
"Guh, what on earth..."
A massive plant that suddenly burrowed out from the ground.
In the center where a vivid red flower blossomed--
"--Using wind to neutralize the impact. Not bad at all."
A girl stood upright.
"You... are...!"
Mysterious jade-green hair. Ominous red eyes shining with the light of disaster.
Ellis had seen that appearance of hers, dressed in the Theocracy's military uniform, at the True Sanctuary before the main event.
(I remember her, a member of Team Inferno--)
Although she had covered her face with a hood back then -- There could be no mistake.
Those sharp and pointy ears were the characteristics of the Elfim race.
"...Tsk, there was not supposed to be any presence of elementalists in the area--"
"Oh, you mean those wind spirits you released in the surroundings? How could those things possibly locate one such as I who has been specially trained in covert operations?"
The girl shrugged as if it could not be helped.
"Indeed, wind elementalists are excellent for gathering intelligence and searching for the enemy. However, whether in the use of spirits or concealment of your presence, you are rather amateur."
(...So my location was found by a reverse trace...!)
As a knight, Ellis was not an expert in intelligence in the first place. Even though she had undergone training for the sake of the Blade Dance, it was true that she could improve her flexibility in the usage of wind.
Even so, she never expected her location to be discovered so easily--
Ellis once again examined the girl's contracted spirit.
A spirit in the form of a fearsome plant -- undoubtedly it was a minion possessing the earth attribute.
(...The earth attribute, in other words, the type to search for enemies by sensing vibrations in the ground, right?)
The Elfim race had superior hearing compared to ordinary humans. Following the sound of footsteps, pinpointing the location probably was not a very difficult task.
(My opponent appears to be alone, however...)
Using Ray Hawk for support, Ellis stood up unsteadily. Her left leg was hurting but at least the sensation of pain implied that the leg was not completely paralyzed.
(...What should I do?)
The girl before her was a member of the strongest team participating, Team Inferno.
However, since this girl was an elementalist specializing in intelligence gathering, her combat ability should not be too high. If this girl, in charge of seeking out the enemy, was defeated here, then they could fight Team Inferno under more favorable conditions--
(However...)
Ellis halted this line of thinking at the very edge.
During the meeting, Team Scarlet had decided -- Never fight a battle alone.
Within their team, Ellis was the only one able to use search type magic. If she were defeated here, the team's gathering would be delayed greatly.
(Compared to a knight's honor, my companion's victory is currently more important--!)
Instantly making her decision, Ellis chanted a spirit language incantation.
"O Wind, sweep away mine enemies -- Wind Bombs!"
Instantly, intense shockwaves of wind were released from Ellis' hands.
However, the target was not the girl before her.
The violent mass of wind blew up the sand and dirt on the ground, obscuring visibility in a large area.
At the same time, Ellis jumped toward the great stairway at the entrance to the ruins.
Using the momentum of the strong winds she instantly left the scene--
(...Guh, my leg!?)
However, intense pain suddenly flared up once more.
The paralytic poison seemed to be truly taking effect now.
--However, she could not stop.
If she failed to make use of this sudden attack to escape, there was probably no other chance.
"I won't let you escape. Catch her, demon tree spirit Titania!"
Amidst the cloud of sand and dust, numerous vines chased after Ellis.
"--Tsk, evil winds, go and rampage!"
Looking back, Ellis immediately swung Ray Hawk.
The released blades of wind instantly chopped apart the vines.
"That kind of thing--"
However, the demon tree spirit's vines instantly regenerated. Then split into several bundles, they attacked as if trying to entangle Ellis' body.
"I am the witch who gallops across the blue sky -- Air Wings!"
Just as she was about to be captured by a prison of vines, Ellis chanted magic for high speed flight.
Instantly releasing the wind gathered around her feet, she flew as fast as she could to a spot near the ceiling of the great hall.
(That demon tree spirit's attack range should not be unlimited--)
I will take this opportunity to escape outside -- Just as Ellis was thinking that to herself.
Amidst the dust cloud that obscured visibility, something flashed.
(...A knife!?)
Ellis frantically attempted to evade--
However, it was impossible to rapidly adjust one's posture in midair.
The knife's blade grazed her chest armor, producing a grating metallic noise.
(It missed? No--)
Suddenly, killing intent could be sensed -- coming from above Ellis in flight.
"What--!"
Looking up at the collapsing ceiling, Ellis was rendered speechless.
Wielding a knife in reverse grip, the girl kicked against the ceiling surface and descended rapidly.
(Did she use Flight magic as well!?)
--No, that's impossible.
The demon tree spirit was without a doubt an earth attribute minion.
The system under the earth attribute should not contain any Flight magic.
"Take this--!"
Ellis hastily swiveled Ray Hawk and used the shaft to block the knife strike--
"--How naive. Such stale and old-fashioned knightly combat techniques."
The girl used the spear shaft as support to make a leap.
Once again, she kicked the ceiling to rapidly reverse her direction and unleashed an even more penetrating slash.
(...This type of movement is!?)
Ellis suddenly noticed.
--They were very similar to Kamito's.
Different from normal combat skills, they involved unrestrained three-dimensional movement in myriad forms.
"Could this be the same as Kamito--"
"The same? That would be rather rude to him--"
In that instant, the directly thrust knife made a shallow slash across Ellis' arm.
The wound itself was not critical. But immediately--
"...Ooh, ah...!'
Intense pain traveled all over her body like an electrical current.
Seizing this momentary opening, numerous vines restrained Ellis' entire body, tying her up into a bundle and dragging her along the ground.
"...Ah, guh..."
Sharp thorns tore through Ellis' tights and buried into her flesh, completely immobilizing her.
Completely deprived of her freedom, Ellis watched as the demon tree spirit user landed quietly.
"Number Seven of the Instructional School -- the 'Venom', Lily Flame."
"...!"
"First I shall start with disposing of you--"
The vines entangling Ellis' body all moved at once.
"...N-Nooooooooooooo!"
In a little alley in the abandoned city where trees grew twisted and misshapen, a girl's screams were heard.
Fianna was desperately fleeing from the swarming Forsaken Spirits that kept emerging.
Terrifying shadowy arms were reaching towards her from all directions.
"D-Don't you dare touch me so easily, the only one allowed to touch me is Kamito-kun!"
As she swiftly gestured and chanted defensive magic, the ghosts withdrew their arms as if out of fear.
...However, faced with the burgeoning ranks of the swarming Forsaken Spirits, these efforts amounted to nothing but a drop in the bucket.
Sending them reeling only momentarily, in a blink of an eye, the ghosts' numbers increased further and continued to give chase.
"--Georgios, I command you to cut down all who disobey!"
The knight spirit silently followed the imperial princess' orders.
Wielding a sacred sword with both hands, he cleared away the swarming ghosts before him in a single sweep.
Seizing the opportunity of the pathway opened momentarily, Fianna sprinted out.
--From a while ago, this had been repeating again and again.
"...It's really not the time to be bogged down in a place like this--"
Holding a strategic role within the team, it was more important for Fianna to converge with her teammates more than anyone else.
By herself, it was impossible to bring out the true worth of the powerful elemental waffe Save the Queen. Furthermore, she was the only person in the team who could use true healing magic.
--Suddenly at this time.
The Forsaken Spirits who occupied the area suddenly halted in their motions.
"...W-What?"
A strange silence descended.
It was like the calm before a storm--
ROOOOOOOAAAAAAR--!
"Yah!"
Immediately, a terrifying roar shook the atmosphere, causing the ground to shake.
The vibrations caused the sand and dust accumulated on the ground to blow around.
In response, the knight spirit swiftly readied his shield and protected Fianna from the flying debris.
(What powerful divine power--!)
It was a bone-chilling feeling of terror.
Fianna looked up towards the direction of the roar.
Then--
(That thing, what is it...?)
In the center of the abandoned city, a massive pillar of fire rose.
A pillar of fire that reached the sky, sweeping up all the debris around it.
Even though she was quite far away from it, Fianna could still feel the heat scorching her skin.
"...Flame spirit?"
It was not Claire's hell cat spirit.
These were more terrifying flames -- demonic flames that destroyed all existence.
"..."
Fianna held her breath and gazed in that direction--
Only to see the massive burning pillar of flame gradually change its form after a while.
Spewing flames continuously, it was a torso that resembled black lava.
The eyes were like high temperature furnaces, flashing red light, as smoke was emitted nonstop from the mouth.
Gripped in its hand was a massive whip of flames.
That -- was essentially a vicious demon.
"--The militarized spirit designated for sealing, Valaraukar!"
Fianna had seen this appearance in the Divine Ritual Institute's resource materials before.
The demon flame spirit that was sent into combat towards the end of the Ranbal War. However, it was reportedly too unstable and was sealed and abandoned after being used twice--
(...Dragging that kind of thing here, what on earth are they thinking?)
--A this moment, Fianna suddenly noticed.
The swarm of ghosts that gathered in the area had vanished without a trace like an ebbing tide.
"...Why?"
Fianna frowned.
Immediately, an unbelievable sight entered her view.
Over in the distance, in the center of the abandoned city--
Swarming in hundreds, thousands, Forsaken Spirits were attacking the vicious demon of flame.
Faced with the onslaught of ghosts, the vicious demon of flame swept them all away with the massive whip.
However, the Forsaken Spirits continued to jump into the burning flames like moths drawn to a fire.
"...?"
This incredible scene caused Fianna to stand there dumbfounded--
"I-I must take this opportunity to escape out of this place... Let's go, Georgios!"
Brought back to her senses, Fianna and the knight spirit ran out of the alley together.
In the outskirts of the abandoned city, strange trees grew on the city walls.
Located on the edge of a bell tower extending out from the city walls--
"--My, how you all have fallen."
A girl smiled tenderly, wearing a dress colored in shade of darkness.
Pristine white complexion. Beautiful black wings sprouted from her back with lustrous splendor.
Her dusk-colored eyes gazed upon the massive swarm of shadows.
These were ghosts of the spirits who had perished in the Spirit War of the past.
Disobeying the logic of the world, they were filthy existences that lingered, sustained purely by hatred and resentment.
"...Oh well, it's not like I'm in a much better position either."
The darkness spirit girl whispered in self-deprecation.
"After all, three years ago on that day, I became an existence that was no longer myself."
Driven by hatred, the ghosts surged forth all at once, intending to devour her.
"However, I still -- cannot become the likes of you."
Restia narrowed her eyes slightly.
"Black thunder that incinerates even souls to nothingness -- Hell Blast!"
She mercilessly released high level wide area annihilation magic.
Out burst forth jet black lightning, instantly wiping out the surging swarm of Forsaken Spirits.
This was overwhelming power as befitted the highest ranking spirit.
However--
(...Looks like the corrosion has already advanced greatly.)
Pressing her hand against her chest, a painful moan escaped from Restia's lips.
Restia's original power was not merely at this level.
Starting three years ago, when the pitch black Wish of the Elemental Lords devoured her that day, her very existence had been gradually corroding from within.
Over half of what constituted her being had already been lost.
Making things worse was the fact that her remaining power had been greatly depleted by the fight with Kamito a few days ago.
"Who knows how much longer I can hold out for..."
Restia's heel flattened a ghost lying sprawled on the ground.
"But I have a mission I must complete. I cannot allow myself to be destroyed here."
Surfacing in her mind was the face of the young man who exchanged promises with her on that day.
"I must let Kamito awaken as the Demon King--"
Just at this moment.
"--?"
She noticed a new presence.
The footsteps of stiff military boots could be heard climbing up the spiral staircase of stone.
Not a spirit. This was an elementalist's presence, emanating intense divine power.
"I knew it, you have not recovered from the wounds you sustained when you were defeated by Kazehaya Kamito, darkness spirit."
"..."
Appearing forth -- a young blonde female knight wielding a glorious sacred sword.
The Paladin -- Luminaris Saint Leisched.
"Ara, greetings to you. The young lady from three years ago."
Restia removed herself from the outer wall where trees were growing all over.
This was a precautionary reaction towards her opponent's power.
During the Blade Dance three years ago, Restia had never revealed her human form in public.
However, this girl had apparently discerned Restia's true identity already.
"Do you have business with me?"
"--Yes."
The young female knight swiftly readied her sword.
"I have come to exterminate the darkness spirit who stands as the world's enemy -- You."
Kicking against the stone tiled floor, she instantly closed the distance.
The vigorous and forceful thrust tore through the air like thunder.
In response, Restia spread her wings and immediately escaped to the air to evade--
"...!"
In the next instant, numerous arrows of light pierced one of her wings.
(...An ambush from a nearby tower!?)
--I see. So she dared to make her appearance in order to draw attention away from the ambuscade over there.
With a scattering of jet black feathers and her black wing pierced, Restia lost balance and fell on the stone tiles.
"Success!"
Luminaris turned and made another thrust.
"...Tsk, disappear from my sight -- Hell Blast!"
Losing composure, Restia once again released a ball of jet black lightning.
However--
"--Evil be purged, Sacred Shield!"
Luminaris immediately released defensive spirit magic. Easily deflecting spirit magic of the highest level, she sliced through Restia's remaining intact wing.
The matchup between darkness and holy attributes was the worst. Furthermore, Luminaris was undoubtedly contracted to a high ranking spirit. In a one-on-one fight, Restia had little chance of victory.
"...You've grown in strength, young lady."
"Don't look down on others, darkness spirit."
The sword elemental waffe swept horizontally. Even the dress of darkness which could deflect all magic was tragically seared and torn, simply when grazed by the holy light emanating from the sword's blade.
However, trying to escape through the air would end up being a target for the ambuscade again.
These wings that are currently of no use, might as well be abandoned.
"Blow forth and howl, tempest of the demon sword -- Blade Storm!"
Just as Luminaris swung the sacred sword, making a shallow slash across Restia's shoulder blade--
The feathered wings scattered into countless blades which then flew towards Luminaris.
This was indefensible anti-human magic for killing and maiming. Nevertheless--
"--You have finally revealed an opening, darkness spirit."
The Paladin's face displayed a smile of pity--
Without even taking any defensive posture, she charged forward directly.
"...!?"
"Holy lance that vanquishes darkness -- Lance of Longinus!"
Amidst the howling tempest of blades, Luminaris raised her arm.
--Then from a magic circle appearing in the air, she summoned a lance.
(That is..!)
Restia instantly understood. --The nature of that weapon.
(Imbued with anti-darkness magic, a piece of divine armament...!)
Despite suffering innumerable wounds, the Paladin continued to charge through the swirling blades.
Performing powerful spirit magic left the caster vulnerable for a brief period afterwards.
Luminaris had been waiting for this particular instant.
"--Enemy of the world, return to eternal darkness!"
The thrown Lance of Longinus pierced Restia in the chest.

Covered by a vast expanse of trees were the ruins of the massive city.
"...Sigh, how unfortunate. Of all places I ended up here on the very edge of the city."
Claire pouted with displeasure as she ran amidst collapsed ruins.
She had been transported to the outer edges quite far away from the center of the abandoned city.
From appearance, it seemed quite easy to get outside despite the high surrounding walls because there were crumbling sections all over the place. However, due to the powerful barrier raised by the Elemental Lords outside the city walls, neither humans nor spirits were able to exit.
"Meow--!"
At this moment, Scarlet walked ahead with its ears raised, staring at the center of the abandoned city.
--In the next instant, accompanied by a roaring rumble, a massive pillar of fire rose up from the center.
"...!?"
Claire felt an intense shiver along her spine.
"What a truly powerful spirit..."
They were unlike Scarlet's noble flames.
These belonged to the same type as demon flames that spread violence and destruction.
(...Whose contracted spirit is that?)
Neither the Knights of the Dragon Emperor nor the Sacred Spirit Knights should have a flame elementalist on such a level.
Or could it be the contracted spirit of that Ren Ashbell --?
(...No, that's not right.)
Claire ruled out the possibility mentally.
During the battle in the forest, Ren Ashbell did indeed use spirit magic classified under the flame system.
However, the burning pillar of fire here did not give off the same impression as her.
Abandoning control over a spirit, simply unleashing great power recklessly -- This was not like her.
(Speaking of an elementalist who "drives" spirits in this manner...)
...Claire had an idea.
The gray-haired girl who addressed Kamito as Onii-sama.
Team Inferno's user of militarized spirits -- Muir Alenstarl of the Instructional School.
Reportedly, by employing tactical-class militarized spirits, she annihilated several teams singlehandedly.
Apparently, she was using an even more powerful militarized spirit in the finals.
(...So the fighting has already started.)
Claire felt slightly worried.
(Could it be, Kamito is fighting...?)
She could not deny such a possibility.
In any case, it was necessary to first investigate the power of the demon flame spirit.
"Scarlet, which path will lead there?"
"Meow--?"
The hell cat spirit inclined its head as if greatly troubled.
"...Oh right. You're just a cat, after all."
Claire shrugged slightly.
The massive abandoned city was probably the type whose structure became more complicated the closer one reached the center.
Without the use of a guide spirit, it was probably not that easy to get close.
"...Night would probably fall before I reach that place."
--Just as Claire sighed.
"...?"
From some place, the sound of weapons clashing could be heard faintly.
(...Someone is engaged in blade dance?)
Claire suddenly held her breath and swiftly looked around.
The noises sounded quite near. However, there were no signs of people around.
"Meow, meow--!"
"...Above?"
Reminded by Scarlet's voice, Claire looked up towards the overcast sky, and in that instant--
"...!"
She could see a girl falling down from a nearby bell tower.
Accompanied by the scattering of black feathers, the falling girl was wearing a dress.
(She is--)
Even from a distance, Claire was sure she recognized correctly.
That dress the color of the dark night and those beautiful black wings.
(Kamito's darkness spirit, why is she here!?)
Claire screamed out in her mind.
"W-We must hurry over there, Scarlet!"
Swiftly chanting the words for releasing the elemental waffe, she formed the hell cat spirit into a flaming whip.
To this date, that darkness spirit had engaged in secret machinations many times, making moves on Kamito.
Although the situation was unclear, Claire decided it was a rare opportunity.
(...I must catch her, in order to find out what exactly she is planning!)
Relying simply on her sense of direction, Claire rushed into the maze-like ruins to head towards the bell tower.
Like her elder sister, the outstanding princess maiden, Claire's intuition was rather keen.
After walking a certain distance--
(I remember she was falling somewhere near here--)
Claire halted and swept her gaze over the surrounding scattered debris.
Normally, one should search for a spirit by following the trail of divine power, but due to the chaotic mess of the abandoned city's leylines, that method was no longer available.
Flametongue in hand, Claire advanced cautiously.
Even if wounded, that darkness spirit was still a powerful high-ranking spirit. She could not afford to be careless.
Also--
(...The one who struck down the darkness spirit should still be nearby.)
As soon as they encountered each other, a battle was most likely inevitable.
Suddenly.
"...Ooh, ah..."
"...!?"
Carried by the wind, a soft moan entered Claire's ears.
Claire immediately headed towards the direction of the sound.
Only to find over there--
A faintly glimmering black feather fallen on the ground.
"It's a feather from that darkness spirit."
As soon as she picked it up, the feather dissipated into particles of light.
...On further examination, similar feathers were scattered all over the floor in the area.
"...Ooh... Ah..."
The voice was heard again. --This time, it sounded very near.
Swiftly suppressing the sound of her footfall, Claire circled the wall to the other side where the voice came from.
"...!"
--Over there.
The darkness spirit girl was lying on the rubble moaning, her lovely face displaying an expression of suffering.
The dress of darkness was torn open. Her black feathers were scattered pitifully.
Her pale complexion displayed bluish pallidity while her dusk-colored eyes gradually dimmed.
Furthermore--
Her left chest was pierced by a massive lance.
"Y-You, why..."
"...Ara, what a coincidence... Miss Hell Cat..."
Noticing Claire, the girl -- Restia -- shifted her dusk-colored gaze towards her.
Her lovely cherry lips twisted as if in self-mockery.
"Oh for shame... To let you witness me... In such a situation, ooh, ah..."
Halfway through her sentence, she contorted her body painfully.
The holy light emitted by the lance was causing her pain, making her suffer.
(That is radiance of the holy attribute...?)
Claire suddenly recalled.
"You must have been defeated by the Sacred Spirit Knights!"
Last night, Ellis had mentioned during the strategy meeting. The Holy Kingdom of Lugia's Sacred Spirit Knights had apparently brought divine armaments from their home country.
Divine armaments were the most effective magical equipment for capturing darkness spirits. As soon as they struck the target, they continued to deal holy damage persistently.
(...However, why would the Sacred Spirit Knights want to get rid of this darkness spirit?)
"...Yah... Ah..."
"W-Wait a moment, you're forcing yourself too far!"
"...I... cannot, in this kind... of place...!"
"...!"
Claire held her breath.
This darkness spirit girl was always smiling with composure.
But now her face was frowning from the pain as she panted desperately.
Even though her body was being scorched by holy light, she still--
"--Kami...to..."
The instant her lips uttered that name--
Claire's hands naturally sprang into action.
"L-Let me through!"
Grabbing the holy lance that pierced Restia's chest, Claire pulled it out in one swift motion--!
"...Ooh, ah...!"
Restia stared with her dusk-colored eyes wide open.
"..."
As for Claire--
She stared at her own two hands as if unable to believe what she had just done.
Why on earth did I do that...?
"...What are your intentions, Miss Hell Cat?"
Restia breathed heavily as she stared at Claire.
...Claire was at a loss for words.
"...I-I don't know either, why."
This darkness spirit was without a doubt an enemy of Claire and her team.
She was the one responsible for the giant spirit going berserk at the Academy town as well as Jio Inzagi's assault on the Academy.
During the Tempest, she had even used the monster Nepenthes Lore to destroy Team Scarlet's stronghold.
Even Claire herself was almost killed by her.
Honestly speaking, Claire had neither reason nor obligation to help her at all.
--Nevertheless, her body acted on its own.
Restia continued to gaze at Claire suspiciously.
Claire could not help but avert eye contact.
"A-After all, you -- you are Kamito's contracted spirit."
That was what she said.
How precious of an existence this darkness spirit girl was in Kamito's heart, Claire had a pretty good idea.
This was the girl who bestowed a human heart upon Kamito who had been raised as an assassin by the Instructional School. Kamito's reason for entering the Blade Dance this time was getting her back.
Deep bonds, completely irreplaceable, existed between the two of them.
...As this thought crossed her mind, Claire felt an inexplicable stinging pain in her chest.
"If you disappeared from this world, Kamito will be very sad. That's why I'm helping you."
Claire returned her gaze towards Restia.
"A-And also, I have many things I want to ask you. How could I let you die so easily in this kind of place?"
"..."
"Follow me, darkness spirit."
"You really think I will obey you?"
"Don't look down on me. Even if I need to resort to force I will take you away with me."
"--You, are you able to do that?"
Restia smiled and stood up unsteadily.
In this manner, they stared each other in the eye for several seconds--
Suddenly Restia collapsed like an unstringed puppet.
"H-Hey!?"
Claire reflexively caught Restia in her arms.
Instantly, Restia's body began to dissipate in the air as particles of light.
"W-What? ...What on earth is going on!?"
"Ku..."
Her beautiful face twisting in regret, the darkness spirit girl continued to disappear.
Just as her figure completely dissipated, a sharp metallic noise rang out with a clang.
"...This is?"
Claire held her breath.
A sword had fallen on the ground where Restia was just now.
A blade of darkness displaying sleek splendor -- a straight sword for one-handed use.
Invoking admiration of its beauty in the viewer, yet leaving an ominous impression, this was the demon sword of darkness.
Apparently she had transformed from her human appearance to her demon sword form due to overexhaustion.
It followed the same principle as Est going to sleep in sword form.
"...That holy lance was imbued with a Geis."
It was a spell for severing the Circuit that connected a spirit to its main body, forcing the spirit to remain in this world. Mainly used to capture high ranking spirits, it prevented the target from returning to the location of its main body for several days.
Claire reached out towards the demon sword on the ground.
--Just at that moment.
A presence appeared behind her.
"--Who!?"
Turning around immediately, Claire swung Flametongue.
However, the flaming crimson slash was deflected by a shining magical shield--!
"...Ah, you are--!"
The one who appeared was a blonde female knight in the uniform of the Sacred Spirit Knights.
"...Luminaris Saint Leisched."
Claire groaned in her throat.
(...Foreseeably, almost the worst possible situation.)
To encounter an ace-level elementalist as her first combat opponent, truly rotten luck it was.
"Hand that demon sword over. Ordesia's hell cat user."
Luminaris approached completely without apprehension.
Despite the many wounds on her person, presumably from her battle with Restia, her sense of presence was quite intimidating.
Claire swiftly picked up the demon sword and wielded Flametongue in one hand.
"Dame Luminaris, why are you targeting this darkness spirit?"
Faced with Claire's question--
"Who knows. The reason was not disclosed to us."
"...What do you mean by that?"
"We are simply executing orders issued by Des Esseintes."
"Des Esseintes--"
It referred to a political organization at the very core of the Holy Kingdom of Lugia. Apparently, the kingdom's politics were actually dictated by Des Esseintes from behind the queen.
"--Wow, what a truly loyal dog, devoted to your mission."
"Let us dispense with the idle chatter. Hurry and hand the darkness spirit over."
Luminaris' warning increased in the sharpness of its tone.
"I intended to complete this mission as quickly as possible, to settle things conclusively with the matter of Ren Ashbell from three years ago. After all, I am not in peak condition either. Therefore if you hand that thing over obediently, I will pretend I never saw you."
"..."
--Not an unattractive proposal.
Despite her wounds, Luminaris still was not an opponent Claire could handle on her own.
She probably would keep her word. Even though it was only a verbal promise, prideful elementalists generally did not go back on their promises once given.
"What is there to hesitate about? Isn't that darkness spirit an enemy to your side as well?"
Was she feeling anxious because Claire did not answer? Luminaris took another step forward.
"..."
--Right, Restia was without a doubt Team Scarlet's enemy.
She was definitely planning to make use of Kamito in some plan.
(However...)
Claire tightly gripped the demon sword in her hand.
"I hate this..."
"...What?"
"Dame Luminaris, I am sorry but I will not hand this darkness spirit over to you."
Staring straight at Luminaris before her, Claire answered.
No matter what, Restia was Kamito's precious contracted spirit.
If she were to disappear, Kamito would surely be sad.
(...In that case, I must protect her well!)
"Foolish--"
Luminaris sighed with exasperation.
"Then I shall retrieve it by force!"
Instantly stepping against the ground to gain speed, she rushed forward, swinging her fist with sacred combat energy.
Claire instantly reacted. Using Flametongue to strike the floor, she made the rubble explode.
She did not expect to deal damage but at least it would provide a visual distraction.
Seizing the opportunity, Claire jumped backwards greatly.
"Go forth and devour, scorching ball of conflagration -- Fireball!"
"--Flames be vanquished, Sacred Shield!"
Luminaris instantly chanted defensive magic to deflect the incoming Fireball.
Her chanting speed was quite fast. Not only was she adept in martial arts, she was also quite skilled in controlling her elemental waffe.
Ignoring the obstacle of flame, Luminaris kept charging forward.
(...How could this happen!?)
The instant just before she was about to strike with the fist infused with combat energy--
Luminaris halted in her steps.
"...?"
From the crevices in the rubble, numerous shadowy arms reached out to restrain her.
(W-What...?)
"...Damn these ghosts of the abandoned city, to think they dare interfere at this time!"
The swarm of shadows crept out onto the surface continuously.
It seemed like they were reacting to the holy power Luminaris had released.
(...A-Although I don't quite get what's going on, it's an excellent opportunity!)
Releasing dazzling flames in all directions, Claire took the demon sword of darkness and began to flee.
"These guys just keep coming no matter how many I fight off...!"
With dazzling brilliance, the Demon Slayer swept clear a group of Forsaken Spirits.
Numerous shadows disappeared into nothingness, accompanied by screams filled with resentment.
--However, their numbers showed no signs of abating.
"I don't have time for dealing with you guys right now--!"
Spinning around to unleash a slash, Kamito cut down the shadows approaching from behind.
Even famous spirits in the past would lose most of their original power once they became lingering ghosts.
The troublesome thing was that contact with the shadows resulted in contamination, thereby consuming divine power. If one were to recklessly charge through the swarms, divine power would probably be depleted in short time.
This characteristic was extremely similar to the dark monster brought by Restia, Nepenthes Lore.
Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh--!
Within the blink of an eye, Kamito found himself surrounded heavily again as he wiped the sweat off his brow.
The blade of Terminus Est in his hand also lost its radiance gradually.
Naturally, the contamination from the Forsaken Spirits affected the elemental waffe as well.
Although Est was crowned with the title of the Demon Slayer for vanquishing the Demon King, in actual fact, she was not a spirit possessing the holy attribute but a sword spirit with the attribute of steel.
She did not possess the power to purify filth.
In other words, every time Est made contact with the ghosts in battle, her power kept being consumed.
If this continued, Est would reach her limit before even engaging elementalists from opposing teams.
(...Tsk, this is bad.)
--Just as Kamito clicked his tongue mentally.
The back of his left hand began to hurt intensely.
"...Guh, ah...!"
Intense scorching pain caused Kamito to utter cries of suffering.
Taking off his leather glove for a look, he found blood dripping down his wrist to the ground.
Normally, the spirit seal was barely visible, but now it was shining with intense light.
(...Restia!?)
Ever since that day three years ago, the spirit seal on his left hand had never reacted this strongly before.
"Guh, what on earth...!"
Kamito stabbed the Demon Slayer into the ground to stop himself from falling over.
Along the way, the Forsaken Spirits swarmed in all at once.
If Kamito were to get caught and entangled, his divine power would be utterly drained and he could even lose his life.
(--How could I let you guys succeed!)
Kamito infused maximum divine power into the Demon Slayer:
"Absolute Blade Arts, Third Form--Shadowmoon Waltz!"
He unleashed the anti-army technique of the Absolute Blade Arts.
Resembling the image of the moon reflected on water, this swaying slash was delivered like a quick dance.
A slash followed by a spin, further followed by a slash after the spin.
Even when dozens of enemies surrounded him, they were unable to touch even his sleeve.
Unleashing slashes like a storm, Kamito broke through the barricade.
His overwhelming destructive power swept the area clear of ghosts.
"Huff, huff, huff--"
Putting his sword away, Kamito kept panting.
Using movements that surpassed the limits of his body caused all his muscles to scream in pain.
...I knew it, Greyworth's Absolute Blade Arts take too much of a toll on the body.
Furthermore, slicing Forsaken Spirits also caused contamination in Terminus Est's blade, causing its luster to dim progressively.
Despite the massive decrease in the number of ghosts, new ones kept crawling out without end.
"Damn it..."
Kamito's gaze rested on his left hand.
The scorching pain had calmed down and the glow of the spirit seal gradually disappeared.
"Restia--"
Putting on his leather glove again, Kamito called out her name.
Then.
"--mito... Kami...to."
"...?"
Suddenly -- the wind whispered.
It was a vague sound, akin to the rustling of leaves brushing against one another.
Looking up suddenly, Kamito found a tiny butterfly-like fairy drifting in the wind.
(...Isn't that Ellis' wind spirit?)
No mistake about it. The one calling Kamito's name was Ellis' voice.
She was probably using spirits to carry her voice and broadcast to the surroundings.
(...Could she be nearby?)
Within this abandoned city, there should be no way to send out wind spirits a great distance due to their relatively weaker power. After all, low level spirits without well-defined wills would most likely be caught and eaten by the ghosts before they could travel far.
--At this time, the faint sound of weapons clashing could be heard from the distance.
"...!"
This time, it was not a sound carried by the wind.
Someone nearby was performing a blade dance.
"Ellis--"
Sweeping away swarms of ghosts with his sword, Kamito sprinted in the direction of the sound.
Her consciousness in a haze as if enshrouded by a thin layer of mist--
"...mi,to... Kami... to..."
Ellis repeated Kamito's name.
Perhaps because the poison secreted by the thorns of the demon tree spirit was spreading, she could not even lift a finger.
No, even without the paralysis, it was impossible to escape the vines entangling her entire body. Restraining her four limbs, the vines ripped apart her tights, burrowing sharp thorns into her supple flesh.
"...Ah, hah, ooh..."
Ellis felt like her body was burning.
The sense of debilitating sweetness caused Ellis to produce painful sighs.
"Guh... To think you would, use poison... Yah..."
"Assassins are unconcerned with the means employed. I have no reason to accommodate your sense of chivalry."
The orphan from the Instructional School, Lily Flame, looked down at Ellis with merciless eyes.
"The demon tree spirit Titania was sealed in a sacred tree at the Elfim village. It is able to refine several hundred types of poisons, including fatal poisons, paralytic poisons, hallucinogenic poisons and aphrodisiacs. However, fatal poisons cannot be used due to the disqualification rule--"
"Guh..."
The squirming vines dove beneath Ellis' uniform and began to search her bosom.
"Ooh, yah, ah...!"
They were trying to find the magic stone hidden in her uniform.
Once the magic stone was taken away, the owner's body would be forcibly teleported to Ragna Ys and retired from the Blade Dance unless the stone was retrieved within thirty seconds.
Pop. Pop pop.
As the buttons of the uniform popped off, the massive bosom clad in black underwear was exposed.
"...Oooh..."
Ellis bit her lip hard in humiliation.
From her inside pocket, the magic stone rolled out.
"...With this, one member is eliminated from Team Scarlet."
Bending over, Lily tried to pick up the magic stone.
"...No... Don't...!"
Ellis struggled and desperately reached out despite the vines entangling her arm.
Even though it made numerous scratch wounds on her arm, she still mustered all her strength.
"Guh... Ah...!"
"How unsightly, Ellis Fahrengart."
Lily swept Ellis' arm aside derisively.
"Ultimately, you people, who simply train as though you were playing in a sandbox, can't possibly defeat assassins who grew up in true hell."
"...What, did you say..."
Hearing that assertion--
Ellis gritted her teeth hard.
The faces of her comrades back at the Academy surfaced in her mind one after another.
--Rakka, Reishia, comrades of the Sylphid Knights.
The foster elder sister Velsaria who prayed for Ellis' victory.
Last but not least, her four teammates who were fighting in the same match.
Lily's current assertion was equivalent to insulting all of Ellis' comrades back at the Academy.
"Take those words... Back--"
"...?"
"To call it playing in a sandbox -- Take those words back!"
Gathering divine power in both hands -- Ellis released it all in one go.
As sharply slicing winds began to blow, all the vines tying her up were severed.
"--The paralytic poison's not working!? No--"
Lily Flame displayed alarm on her face.
Ellis swiftly reached out to the magic stone and grabbed it.
...The poison was actually working. Ellis' consciousness remained hazy and could barely remain standing.
Even so -- as one of the Sylphid Knights, there were things she must defend at all costs.
"...For my comrades who entrusted dreams of victory to me--"
She released Ray Hawk in her right hand, a storm gathering at its front tip.
"I cannot be defeated in a place like this!"
"Tsk!"
Ellis swung Ray Hawk with all her might.
Faced with the onslaught of the swirling blades of wind--
Lily took a leap, evading the wind blades as she threw knives.
Two knives struck Ellis in the legs.
"Guh... Ah..."
Swallowing the scream she was about to emit, Ellis glared at the enemy before her.
Fortunately, the spreading paralytic poison reduced the intensity of the pain.
"--If you stop resisting, you will be free of suffering soon."
Lily grumbled calmly as she snapped her fingers.
The severed vines of the demon tree spirit instantly regenerated.
"...Darn, to think it would have such regenerative powers...!"
For Ellis' elemental waffe which was geared towards slashing attacks, the demon tree spirit was a poor matchup.
If it were Claire's flame spirit or Rinslet's demon ice spirit instead, the fight would perhaps be more in their favor--
Ellis' entire field of view was hazy. In a poisoned state, she could not fully refine her divine power.
However--
(I cannot let my comrades back at the Academy witness an unsightly blade dance--)
Ray Hawk's spear tip once again gathered wind.
A prolonged battle must be avoided. Victory had to be decided in one strike.
"--Slaughter the foolish sacrifice, Titania!"
The countless wriggling vines all rushed towards Ellis.
In that instant.
"Fahrengart style of the spear, secret technique -- Flash Gale!"
The violent gale released with all her strength ended up penetrating the ground far from the target.
"A futile struggle--"
A jeering expression appeared on Lily's face.
At the same time, the demon tree spirit's vines reached into the dust cloud to capture Ellis--
"...What!?"
However, in the next instant -- Lily's expression froze.
Behind the dust cloud, Ellis could not be found.
"--Is she above!?"
She suddenly realized -- But too late.
Hidden amongst the dust scattering and flying in the wind, Ellis had flown high up in the air.
(--Since my legs cannot move, I flew using the wind!)
"Success--!"
Riding the wind, she altered her trajectory in midair.
Firming her grasp of Ray Hawk which swelled with a violent gale, Ellis rapidly descended as she took aim at Lily on the ground.
BOOM--!
The instant the spear tip made contact with the ground, a storm erupted.
"...!"
In the very last second, Lily tried to evade.
However, her petite body was blown away, crashing hard into a wall.
Landing on the ground, Ellis accelerated once more, charging forth in order to deliver a decisive blow.
But already -- the wind had begun to lose coherence.
"Wha...!"
Losing balance, Ellis suddenly collapsed on the ground.
(...Oooh, my body, feels scorching hot...!)
The circulation of divine power had caused the paralytic poison to spread even faster.
As the wind enveloping her scattered, Ellis could hardly lift a finger.
"...Guh, just a little bit more..."
Ellis clawed at the sand on the floor surface, trying desperately to muster her final strength--
"...Too careless of me. I underestimated you."
However, the first to stand up was Lily Flame.
Although she suffered injuries from the attack just now, she was more than well enough to continue battling.
"However, further struggles are futile--"
"--Not necessarily."
Suddenly.
In her hazy state of consciousness, Ellis heard a familiar voice.
"...What!?"
Lily Flame turned back to stare at the great staircase in the ruins.
(You, really...)
Seeing his figure in her gradually blurring vision, Ellis suddenly smiled.
(--Indeed, I was waiting for this voice.)
Ellis believed firmly he would surely come.
Hence she was able to persevere and continue fighting.
"...Ka...mito...!"
"Sorry to have kept you waiting, Ellis."
Kamito jumped down from the great stairway and landed next to Ellis.
"...How... did you get here?"
"Ellis, your voice was carried by the wind."
"I... see--"
Kamito pressed a healing spirit crystal into Ellis' hand and stood up lightly. Then he turned towards Lily who had taken a combat stance.
"The fifth member of Team Inferno turns out to be you."
"Kamito..."
The Elfim girl groaned in her throat.
...Apparently, these two seemed to know each other.
But since they both came from the Instructional School, that possibility had crossed Ellis' mind--
"I'm so glad, you and Muir are okay... Oh well, though reuniting in this manner was not what I hoped for."
Just as Kamito sighed.
"...Guh, go forth and slaughter, Titania!"
Responding to Lily's voice, the demon tree spirit's vines attacked Kamito.
"--Kamito!"
Ellis cried out. --However, such worry was unnecessary.
Pulling out the Demon Slayer, Kamito instantly severed all the vines.
"Stop it. You can't defeat me... I'm sure you know that quite well, right?"
"But..."
Lily bit her lip in chagrin.
"I-I'll retreat for now!"
She swiftly jumped towards the demon tree spirit that sprouted out of the ground.
Leaping inside the massive red flower, the petals instantly closed up and disappeared into the ground.
Within the blink of an eye, the demon tree spirit had swallowed Lily and disappeared without trace.
"...That kind of trick again. That girl sure loves fancy tricks just like the way she's always been."
Kamito could not help but exclaim.
"Ellis, are you okay?"
"Ah, hmm... Because you are here, ah..."
Still collapsed on the ground, Ellis nodded.
Immediately, her face suddenly became bright red.
"K-Kamito, say..."
"...Hmm?"
Suddenly, Kamito found his gaze being drawn to a certain location.
Those voluptuous breasts, clad in black underwear, fully exposed in view due to the unbuttoned uniform.
"S-Stop looking... Jerk!"
"S-Sorry...!"
Kamito frantically turned his gaze away as he blushed.

"...Here, it should be fine now."
"...Mmm... Hmm..."
Kamito picked up Ellis in his arms and carried her to a location a certain distance away from the center of the abandoned city.
These seemed to be the ruins of a massive shrine, where the ceiling was supported by stone columns on the verge of collapse.
Assigning Simorgh to keep watch outside, they stepped into the premises, only to see a spring in the depths of the shrine that was used for divine purification. Although the spring itself had long dried up, a large amount of rainwater had accumulated.
"--Water spirits, pure and clear, exorcise this filth."
Chanting a spirit language incantation and tossing in a purification spirit crystal caused the water to bubble instantly and turn clear.
Kamito laid down Ellis into the spring directly in her uniform.
"S-Sorry, Kamito..."
"Don't force yourself to speak. Conserve your stamina."
Turning his blushing face away, Kamito coughed lightly.
The drenched uniform clung tightly to Ellis' lithe body, an especially seductive sight.
Even though Kamito understood that now was not the time to turn his attention to those matters, he could not stop his gaze from being drawn to the black underwear showing underneath the drenched uniform.
"Th-This is all we can do for now as treatment. Do you feel any better?"
After all, using holy water for a bath was only emergency first aid.
If only Fianna who was skilled in healing were present. But for someone like Kamito who was unskilled in spirit magic, this was as much as he could do.
"Mmm, hmm, do not worry... Ah, ow..."
Ellis panted painfully.
Although elementalists had better poison resistance than ordinary people due to their advanced circulatory systems, unfortunately, the demon tree spirit's poison was far too powerful.
"Ooh... Ka... mito..."
Despite her irregular breathing, Ellis continued to call out Kamito's name in a hoarse voice.
In order to lessen her pain, the front of her uniform had been unfastened. Kamito's gaze was naturally drawn to the undulating cleavage.
(I-I can't let myself stare...!)
As if trying to dispel evil thoughts, Kamito shook his head.
"Your body, does it feel painful?"
"Ah, yeah..."
Ellis' body twisted in the spring that resembled a bathtub.
Biting hard on her glistening lips, she gazed at Kamito.
Then fidgeting with her fingers, she said:
"U-Uh, I hope you will not laugh, but..."
"Hmm?"
"H-Hand... Can we hold hands?"
"--Ah sure. I got it."
Kamito instantly agreed and used both hands to lightly hold Ellis' hand.
"Hyah!"
Halfway in the process, Ellis gave off a cute little scream.
"...S-Sorry! Was I too sudden?"
"N-No, I should apologize instead. It is just that, I am not used to it, holding a boy's hand..."
The skin on her hand was as delicate and tender as that of ladies of nobility. However, due to constant martial training, there were some calluses on her palm.
"Ah, sob sob... I-I cannot believe I have done something so shameless..."
"...?"
Ellis' face was as red as a cooked octopus.
"B-By the way, Kamito..."
Suddenly, Ellis looked up to face Kamito.
"Yeah?"
"Th-That Elfim girl, was she your comrade in the past?"
The fingers holding the hand tightened slightly.
"..."
"N-No, if you do not want to answer, I will not force you to speak--"
"Oh no, it's not that reason... It's just, how should I put it, describing her as a comrade is a little off."
"Not a comrade...?"
Ellis frowned.
"C-Could she be... Your lover!?"
"What kind of logic is that!?"
Kamito objected loudly.
"Hmm, not your lover, I see... Very good."
Ellis breathed a sigh of relief.
...This motion of hers caused her massive bosom to quiver, way too conspicuously.
"Muir Alenstarl, Lily Flame and I were a tactical unit of three... Back then, we had no sense of camaraderie at all."
--Or rather, very likely, none of the kids raised in that insane facility ever had any understanding of the concept of "comrades."
(However, now--)
Kamito involuntarily tightened his grip on her hand.
(...I have comrades I wish to protect.)
This was strength he had never possessed as the Strongest Blade Dancer, Ren Ashbell.
--At this time, Kamito suddenly noticed.
"...?"
Ellis' hand in his grip felt quite hot.
Her usually bright and lively brown eyes currently looked rather unfocused.
"Ellis, do you have a fever?"
Kamito asked with worry.
It was not surprising for a demon tree spirit's poison to include symptoms of fever.
But in that case, although bathing was necessary for neutralizing the poison, the symptoms were exacerbated as a result.
"Do you want to get out first?"
"...No, d-do not worry... Ah..."
Suddenly, Ellis emitted a cute little scream as her hand let go.
"...E-Ellis, what's wrong?"
"Mmm... Ah, hah, mmm..."
Ellis panted as her wet arms and legs twisted in suffering.
"H-Hey, come on..."
Kamito grabbed her shoulders with worry.
"Mmm, hyah...!"
Immediately, Ellis' body shuddered intensely.
"Ah.. Haa, haa..."
She was blushing to her ears and her breathing was a complete mess.
Wrapped in the wet skirt, her legs were rubbing against each other coyly.
"Mmm, ooh... Ka, mito..."
Looking as though her breathing was petering out, Ellis finally spoke up.
"Ellis, what is going on!?"
"D-Dunno why... M-My body, suddenly feels burning hot, huah..."
"...Could it be that the slower-acting poison is now taking effect!?"
"...Hmm, c-come to think of it..."
Ellis panted with great suffering as she tried to form words.
"Th-That Elfim girl, did say... The demon tree spirit, ooh... Amongst the poisons it concocted, huah... Uh, there is also that kind, of effect..."
"...That kind of effect?"
Repeating her words, Kamito found Ellis lowering her gaze shyly.
"B-Basically, an... A-Aphrodisiac..."
"Aphrodisiac!?"
Kamito's voice was instantly turned inside out.
...What were known as aphrodisiacs were drugs that caused people to act in lustful ways.
"...Huah, mmm... Help, me, Kami... to..."
Embracing her bosom tightly, Ellis pleaded as she rubbed her legs together.
Probably because she was suffering, her pleading eyes were moist with tears.
"E-Even if you say that..."
Kamito held his breath.
...What on earth was he supposed to do?
"L-Let it stabilize, ooh... Once this hot flash passes..."
"...!?"
Sweet breath escaped from her glistening lips.
The stern maiden knight's enraptured eyes were emanating a dangerous aura of attraction.
(...Th-This is clearly a no good situation!)
Kamito shook his head vigorously in his mind.
If he did that kind of thing to the Fahrengart family's precious daughter -- a death sentence awaited him without escape.
However.
"...Haa, haa... Mmm... Ahuu..."
"..."
Hearing Ellis' pained breathing--
"...I-I got it!"
Kamito steeled himself and nodded.
...After all, she was suffering and he could not ignore it.
Still in uniform, Kamito entered the spring and embraced Ellis.
"...I-Is this better?"
"Mmmhmm..."
Ellis nodded. Her sweet breath blew against Kamito's ear.
Her soft bosom pressed against him through the drenched uniform, accommodating in shape with great suppleness.
Kamito's face instantly went red.
"...If you're feeling unbearable, don't fight it so much."
"S-Sorry..."
Ellis obediently relaxed and leaned tightly against him.
Kamito's heart raced in response.
"...L-Let me be clear, do not mistake me for some kind of immoral woman."
Ellis whispered softly with an ashamed expression.
"...A-Acting this way, i-is all the poison's fault."
"Yeah, I know."
To help relieve the pain and suffering from the poison, Kamito tightened his arm around Ellis' waist.
"Ah... H-Harder, a little more..."
"L-Like this?"
"J-Just a bit more... Ooh, smooch♪"
"...!?"
At this moment, Kamito felt a sense of numbing sweetness rush into his brain.
Ellis had begun to nibble Kamito's neck.
"Mmm, hmm... Smooch♪"
"E-Ellis, this... is too...!"
Maintaining his posture of embracing Ellis, Kamito squirmed.
(...Please, my sanity, you must endure!)
Kamito closed his eyes and screamed in his mind.
(...I-I'm saved. My sanity is mere inches from the limit.)
--After that, several minutes had passed.
Ellis was now sound asleep on Kamito's lap as he listened to her calm breathing noises.
It seemed like the aphrodisiac's effects had ended.
Because sleeping in wet clothes would result in catching a cold, she was now in her underwear with Kamito's jacket draped over her.
Despite the immense difficulties faced when taking her clothes off just as she was falling asleep, Kamito channeled the superhuman self-control he had developed through the Instructional School's training and managed to complete the task without distraction.
...That said, he did stare once or twice at the impressive contours of her cleavage.
In any case, she should recover her strength after some rest.
Placing a fire spirit crystal on the ground to give off warmth, Kamito suppressed a yawn.
The sun had just set outside, causing the interior of these ruins to become rather dim.
(...We'll have to spend the night in this place.)
As much as he wished to meet up with the rest of the team as quickly as possible, Ellis' current condition did not allow for reckless action.
"Mmm, Kamito, I will make you into a ham sandwich..."
On his lap, Ellis talked in her dreams.
"O-Of course, you are the ham, I-I am the bread, okay..."
"What on earth is she dreaming about..."
Kamito shrugged wryly.
Ponytail untied, her innocent sleeping face was truly adorable.
(By the way...)
Kamito looked up and immersed himself into a different line of thought.
(I never expected even Lily would be roped into being their teammate...)
Number seven of the Instructional School -- "Venom" Lily Flame.
Not only was she accomplished in combat techniques, she was also top class in espionage ability in the facility.
When they were teamed up in the past, she was still a girl who spoke little. However, the impression she gave off just now was much different from back then.
--Ever since the Instructional School's destruction, four years had passed.
(...In other words, I'm not the only one who changed.)
Kamito had heard that basically all the orphans from the facility had obtained protection from the Knights of Ordesia. However, amongst those that were already executing missions, the so-called "Ranked Ones" there were apparently a few whose whereabouts were unknown.
Team Inferno's commander -- the masked elementalist who stole Ren Ashbell's name, where and how did she come into contact with the lost children of the Instructional School?
"--Kamito."
"Hmm?"
Suddenly hearing his name called out, Kamito turned to look.
Dressed in her uniform, Est was approaching from a dark corner.
"Est, are you okay now?"
"Yes. Although I still need rest in order to fulfill my duties as a sword."
Depleted in power by the contamination of Forsaken Spirits, Est had apparently recovered enough to maintain human form.
Est walked quickly over and sat down lightly beside Kamito.
Her mysterious violet eyes kept staring at Kamito.
"Kamito, I am hungry."
"Yeah, it's already that time of the day."
Spirits normally did not need to eat but there were many high level spirits who treated human food as a kind of hobby they indulged in. Especially Est. Because she required three square meals a day at the Academy when together with Kamito, it did cause him some grief as he agonized over the increase in the food budget.
"Speaking of dinner, all we have is this sort of thing..."
Taking care not to wake up Ellis on his lap, Kamito took out from his uniform pocket a pill the size of a pea.
This was a drug regarded as a treasure amongst portable food for elementalists.
It was prepared from dozens of herbs and flavored with sugar and honey.
Filling, easy to digest and highly nutritious, it was known as a masterpiece.
"..."
"...Uh, Est?"
"Kamito, you don't have any food?"
Est inquired with innocent eyes.
"...I'm sorry. Right now there's only this."
...Feeling inexplicably guilty, Kamito apologized.
Due to the matter of weight, all conventional food and cooking equipment were stored in Fenrir's belly. Before meeting up with Rinslet, they had no choice but to endure.
"...I understand, Kamito."
Est nodded obediently.
"I'm really sorry. When we return to Ragna Ys, feel free to eat your favorites as much as you want."
"Yes."
Est nodded again, then said:
"Then Kamito, please feed me that snack."
Like a baby bird waiting to be fed, she opened her little mouth.
"..."
Currently, the legendary Demon Slayer was making an "Ah--" posture with her mouth open.
...How should one put it? It was cuteness overload.
Kamito coughed and surveyed the surroundings.
"...Yeah, say ah--"
Holding the pill in his fingers, he delivered it to Est's mouth.
Bite... Chew chew.
Expressionlessly, Est slightly dilated her pupils.
"...This is quite tasty."
"Really? Good to know you like it."
Seeing her offer unexpected praise, Kamito breathed a sigh of relief.
Seeing Est looking like that--
"By the way, Est--"
Kamito suddenly thought of something and asked.
"...?"
"Just now, when we were being attacked by those swarms of Forsaken Spirits, you were trying to say something. Yeah, just before you changed into a sword, Est--"

'...Tsk, these guys are not targeting me but Est!?'
'Apparently so, Kamito. Very likely, I--'

...There had been an exchange like that.
"What were you talking about back then?"
Hence Est nodded.
"Yes. Back then, the reason the Forsaken Spirits attacked was most likely because I am a spirit weapon -- that was what I wanted to say."
"...A spirit weapon?"
...An unfamiliar term.
(No wait, I remember from the lectures at the Academy...)
Kamito tried hard to recall his supplementary lessons with his teacher Freya.
(...Right. I remember it was an umbrella term for powerful spirits mobilized during the Spirit War.)
"Est, is it that kind of spirit weapon?"
"Yes. That is what fragments of my memory tell me."
Est nodded again.
The reason why she acted so ambiguously was because the current Est merely inherited the memories of the true Terminus Est as fragmented knowledge.
"I do not know whether I belonged to the side of the Elemental Lords or the rebels. However, I am sure my past self exterminated large numbers of spirits in this abandoned city."
Est murmured with her usual ice-cold expressionless demeanor.
...No emotions could be read from that kind of face.
"Those ghosts should all have been famous spirits before they fell to such depravity. However, they are now beings without sanity, relying on hatred to exist--"
"..."
Come to think of it, after leaving the central area of the abandoned city, Kamito no longer saw any signs of Forsaken Spirits.
Considering that those things were ghosts bound to the land, perhaps their appearance depended on the location. Or maybe, they did not attack right now because Est's current output of divine power was relatively weak.
Est closed her violet eyes--
"Kamito, I will enter a dormant state to prepare for the next battle. Please rouse me if anything happens."
"...Yeah."
Dissipating into particles of light in the air, she returned to sword form once more.
Kamito swiftly reached out with his hand towards the sacred sword fallen on the ground -- At this moment.
"Mmm, hmm..."
Ellis stirred slightly on his lap.
"Ellis, you woke up?"
"Mmm, I already woke up back when you were feeding Est."
"...Y-You saw it all!?"
"I-I could not possibly get up during such an embarrassing situation!"
For some reason, Ellis began to sulk and pout.
"But wait, weren't the things you did earlier even more embarrassing, Ellis?"
"...~S-Speak of it no more!"
Thud thud thud thud.
Ellis sprang up and tearfully hammered her fists against Kamito's shoulder.
...Oh well, it's good to see her energy recovered.
"Okay, go and sleep a little longer. You still have a bit of fever."
"A-All your fault..."
Ellis instantly blushed, but had no choice but to lie down again with Kamito's jacket draped over her shoulders.
Watching this pure and innocent maiden of a knight, Kamito smiled wryly--
At this time, his gaze rested on his leather gloved left hand.
(By the way, what was with that pain earlier...)
Currently, there was no reaction at all from the spirit seal on his left hand.
(...Did something happen to Restia?)
--A long night was just beginning.
--Meanwhile.
In a dark underground maze that stretched to who knows where, a young lady was walking with a white wolf.
"Sniff sniff, I can't find my way to the surface..."
Rinslet's eyes were full of tears.
...After the Leap took her to this underground maze, she had been spending hours walking in circles in the same place.
As if trying to encourage its master, Fenrir licked her hand.
Rinslet rubbed the white wolf's head as she illuminated the surroundings with a spirit crystal.
"By the way, where on earth is this place?"
The faint light shone on the stone wall.
Its surface was carved with spirit language script. Given enough time, Rinslet had sufficient knowledge to decipher them but her current priority was getting back out onto the surface.
...Rumble, her stomach growled.
Sighing lightly, Rinslet sat down on the floor.
"So tired. My feet hurt. I'm hungry too."
In any case, she had already walked for several hours.
Even though she was a trained elementalist, her stamina was reaching a limit.
Fenrir caressed its master's feet with its furry tail.
Using ice-cold air, Fenrir soothed the pain in Rinslet's red and swollen feet.
"Let's rest here. Walking around randomly isn't the best choice."
Shrugging, Rinslet leaned her back against the wall.
"--Fenrir, take out the luggage."
Fenrir opened its jaws with a roar and spat out the luggage bag.
The demon ice spirit's stomach was connected to an alternate dimension.
"I originally hoped to make this for Kamito-san..."
Readying chilled eggs and a bottle of milk, she used her familiar frying pan to make splendid pancakes with a fire spirit crystal placed on the ground.
Then she laid out napkins on the floor and prepared teaware.
Always maintaining the composure to enjoy a good cup of tea under any circumstance -- this could be considered one of the Laurenfrost family's precepts.
...Several minutes later, the fragrance of tea wafted through the dark underground maze.
"...Phew."
Finishing her after-meal tea, Rinslet breathed out a sigh.
Beside her, Fenrir remained in proper sitting posture, having already finished eating the pancakes.
"...Somehow it doesn't taste too delicious when eaten alone."
...Then she sighed again.
Her past self never considered matters of this sort before--
Only recently did she come to realize the joys of having meals together with teammates.
...Furthermore, cooking for Kamito was also a joy.
"Oooh..."
As soon as she recalled his face, she could not help but smile.
"Woof?"
The surprised demon ice spirit tilted its head in puzzlement.
Seeing that, Rinslet coughed lightly.
"N-No, it's not like I'm thinking about Kamito-san!"
Frantically, she shook her head.
"...Eh?"
At this moment, Rinslet's gaze stopped upon a certain location on the stone wall.
On it was one of those carvings in spirit language that one could find all over the maze.
--There, she found a familiar name.
"...Terminus Est? Ah, that's Est-san's name!"
Frowning slightly, Rinslet brought the glowing spirit crystal closer to the stone wall.
Even though the words on the stone wall differed from contemporary script, it was still readable.
Were it written in High Ancient that was taught only to high ranking princess maidens, it would have been a completely different matter. But this degree of difficulty was still within Rinslet's ability to manage.
"Fenrir, take out the spirit language dictionary."
Fenrir opened its jaws wide and instantly spat out a dictionary. Spirit language dictionaries were essential for analyzing the spirit magic and barriers of enemy teams.
Flipping through the dictionary, Rinslet deciphered the words on the stone wall.
"Tiamat, Jormungandr... And also, Valaraukar. All the ones recorded here seem to be very famous spirits."
Anyone who had attended lectures in spirit studies at the Academy would find the names of these spirits familiar.
Next, Rinslet's finger stopped at a certain spot.
She found a name on the stone wall that intrigued her.
"Scarlet Valkyrie... That's quite similar to the name of Claire's hell cat spirit."
The inscription of the true name was in High Ancient and therefore undecipherable to Rinslet. But given that Scarlet was the renowned contracted spirit belonging to the Elstein family, it was not inconceivable for its name to be inscribed here--
"--Carved on there are the names of ancient war princesses who once exhibited splendorous might here."
Suddenly, a girl's voice was heard.
"...Who approaches!?"
Rinslet swiftly released her elemental waffe and aimed towards the darkness.
...No one's presence could be sensed. If the other person was an elementalist, she was definitely quite accomplished.
Is it an elementalist from the Sacred Spirit Knights or the Knights of the Dragon Emperor--?
"Please show yourself. I, Rinslet the Ice Demon, shall be your opponent."
Readying an ice arrow, Rinslet declared with awe-inspiring sternness.
"--Wait. I am not an enemy."
Out from the darkness appeared--
A girl in a mysterious princess maiden outfit with hair like a watery mirror.
Her bangs were cut to uniform length. With eyes resembling the surfaces of lakes, she gazed at Rinslet.
Based on her rather petite stature, her age was probably about the same as Rinslet's little sister Mireille.
"...?"
Rinslet tilted her head in puzzlement.
Was there any girl this young amongst the participants of the Blade Dance?
...Though given the precedent of the imperial princess Linfa of the Four Gods, it was impossible to be certain.
(...However, this uniform does not belong to any of the participating countries.)
Rinslet pondered in amazement with her brow furrowed.
"That..."
At this moment, the young princess maiden pointed near Rinslet's feet.
"That?"
"...That, I wanna eat."
"Huh?"
Lying by Rinslet's feet was the frying pan used for preparing pancakes just earlier.
--Enshrouded by the dark night.
Two girls dressed in the Theocracy's uniforms were stepping into some ruins.
"Say, will we really be able to meet Onii-sama here?"
"Yes. Although they have already left, with one teammate suffering from poison, they shouldn't have gone very far off from here."
Lily Flame nodded as she answered the gray-haired girl's question.
These were the same ruins where she had battled Ellis earlier.
There were still several large holes dug out by the demon tree spirit in the ground.
"Hmph, nearby eh--"
Muir Alenstarl lightly jumped off a collapsed wall of stone.
"Then let me turn this area into a wasteland, then he'll be found."
"Muir!"
Lily reflexively shouted to stop her.
If she used the militarized spirit Valaraukar provided by the Theocracy, indeed, the entire vicinity could be turned into a smoking and smoldering wasteland.
However.
(...That spirit is far too dangerous.)
Muir had already fought an elementalist from the Knights of the Dragon Emperor, defeating her.
The pillar of fire in the city center observed earlier was precisely the flames of spirit magic released by Valaraukar during the battle.
This level of destructive power even surpassed the annihilation spirit Tiamat that Kamito had defeated in the past.
However, Valaraukar had a major shortcoming -- or rather, flaw.
The astounding power released by the spirit would attract Forsaken Spirits from the area.
Ghosts appearing from all over the abandoned city rushed forth and attacked recklessly as if attracted by Valaraukar, perishing in the crimson flames.
After that, Valaraukar began to get confused as if possessed by ghosts, on the verge of running totally amok.
Although it was still unclear why exactly the ghosts swarmed Valaraukar --
(Hypothetically, what if the Theocracy's Snake provided that spirit because they knew this would happen?)
Most suspicious of all, why would the Theocracy's military, which had refused to provide any additional militarized spirits, suddenly reverse their rigid stance to prepare such a powerful spirit -- ?
It was not difficult to realize there must be ulterior motives.
"Muir, postpone the battle with Kamito for now. Let's meet up with Cardinal first."
"Don't wanna. Muir can't wait to use this new toy to play with Onii-sama."
"Muir!"
"What? Are you ordering me?"
Instantly. Woosh -- Lily felt an intense chill down her spine.
Those eyes, evocative of bottomless lakes, pierced right through her.
"...!?"
Trembling in fear of a mere fourteen-year-old girl. This was no joking matter.
Muir Alenstarl was the "Monster" born from the Instructional School. She probably would not show any mercy towards anyone who defied her will, not even a companion who had accompanied her for years.
Muir was completely uninterested in obtaining victory in the Blade Dance.
Neither did she possess any Wish she wanted realized.
This petite Monster only sought the momentary thrill of destruction.
The only exception was Kazehaya Kamito.
The reason for Muir's obsession with Kamito was unknown.
Only that dating back to their days at the facility together, she adored Kamito as her elder brother with blind devotion.
--No matter what, there was no stopping this Monster.
"Wait for me, Onii-sama, I'm coming to pick you up."
"Muir, stop--!"
The mithril bracelet gave off intense light--
"Show yourself, creature of destruction, trailblazer of those who lament the darkness -- Valaraukar!"
The gigantic demon of flame was summoned to the abandoned city.
--Boom!
Crimson flames danced wildly as they swept across the land, devouring the red dragon's massive body.
With a massive roar that reached the skies, the red dragon soon disappeared in the burning flames.
This was the red dragon spirit Lindwyrm, possessing high resistance against flame type magic.
Even so, its gigantic body was instantly burnt into charcoal.
"...Is this as far as I can go...?"
The girl dressed in the Dracunia military uniform -- the second-in-command of the Knights of the Dragon Emperor, Yuri El Cid, collapsed on her knees as she stared beyond the blazing flames.
The air shimmered from the heat.
In that direction, the scarlet masked girl approached on foot.
Commander of Team Inferno -- Ren Ashbell.
"...Leonora-sama, I am truly sorry. But--"
Yuri panted heavily in her hazy consciousness.
"Upon the honor of Dracunia's great name, I swear I shall not return emptyhanded--!"
Pouring in the last of her power, Yuri chanted high level dragon magic.
Gripped tight in her right hand was the Dragon's Jaw formed from a vortex of flames.
"--By these dragon flames of mine, vengeance shall be exacted upon Ren Ashbell, the Strongest Blade Dancer!"
Devoting her entire body and mind to this strike, Yuri began to charge.
This was the Knights of the Dragon Emperor's traditional charging tactic, as well as Yuri's most prided technique. Even if she could not currently use her elemental waffe, a direct hit should still inflict damage--
However.
"--These flames of yours are merely inferior knockoffs."
Ren Ashbell lightly raised her hand and lit a fire on her fingertip.
"To honor your courage in daring to challenge me singlehandedly, I shall bid you farewell with the Flames of Elstein."
Using the fire at her fingertip, she traced out a magic circle in the air.
"Not even time can escape a frozen fate, conflagrating flames of absolute zero -- Frost Blaze!"
"...!"
The instant the dancing blue flames made contact with Yuri El Cid's arm--
The Dragon's Jaw shattered into tiny particles as if it were frozen and brittle.
"How could this be possible... I don't believe it, flames that freeze other flames--!"
--That sort of thing absolutely did not exist in this world.
This was an unknown power that transcended the laws and precepts of Astral Zero.
"...Ren Ashbell... You, really..."
Having exhausted the last of her strength, the dragon knight collapsed on the spot.
"..."
Ren Ashbell took away Yuri's magic stone and turned her gaze towards the evening sky.
The sun had already descended and the cold moon was rising.
"--The moon eh? Perfect for the Demon King's revival."
Her crimson overcoat fluttering, she gradually disappeared into the abandoned city beneath the evening sky.

These freezing flames, one day they shall consume the entirety of my body.
--Before that happens, I must end everything.

Amidst endless darkness, even blacker than night--
The demon sword of darkness gradually regained consciousness.
Here was a mental realm completely isolated from the outside world.
Prohibiting movement, this place only allowed the existence of consciousness.
Currently, the demon sword that stood as her temporary state was being carried by the hell cat girl.
"--How ironic. To think I would be saved by a rival whom I once tried to kill."
In the darkness, Restia sighed softly.
The damage inflicted by the divine armament would not recover immediately. Due to the effects of the strong Geis, there was also no way to return to her main body.
As much as she disliked it, for the time being she had no choice but to remain in the form of the demon sword.
Drawing her knees up to her chest, Restia surveyed the darkness enshrouding her surroundings.
A pitch black darkness surged forth, restless.
This was not the darkness of the night which calmed her heart.
Instead, this was some otherworldly substance possessing astounding will.
Absolutely something that should not exist in this world.
Furthermore, it was three years ago, just when he was about to realize the Wish -- That darkness devoured her.
People had no idea, but the so-called miracle of the Elemental Lords that could reputedly grant all Wishes, its true form was this astounding darkness--
"Over these past few days, the rate of corrosion has increased greatly -- There's not much time left."
Restia showed anxiety on her face.
"Next, I shall become the Enemy of the World."
Dark light lit up in her dusk-colored eyes.
(...Kamito, even if it would cause you to resent me, hate me.)
Even
What Restia recalled in her mind was the promise he had made in his youth.
Should there ever come a time in the future when I have changed so much I am myself no longer--
--Kill me.
"...?"
Hiding in the ruins, Claire turned her head towards the demon sword of darkness resting against the wall.
The demon sword, which had remained silent all this time, seemed to be murmuring something.
(...Was it an illusion?)
...However, the demon sword remained silent.
The sharp blade of darkness shone with ominous luster as it reflected the moonlight.
Earlier, Restia was heavily injured by the divine armament that pierced her chest. Even for a high-level spirit like her, recovery would take quite a long period of time.
(--That knight hasn't caught up yet.)
Leaning against a wall in the ruins, Claire searched the area for presences.
It was inconceivable that Luminaris would give up so easily--
At this moment, Claire felt a powerful presence up in the air, causing her to tremble intensely.
"That's...!"
In the evening sky, a gigantic spirit resembling a multi-headed dragon was flying.
(Demon spirit...)
During the daytime, no spirits could be sensed other than those ghosts in this abandoned city.
But as soon as the sun went down, it was as if the city changed completely.
It became a literal "City of Demons" with violent and ferocious demon spirits roaming the skies.
Furthermore, the spirit flying overhead belonged to the highest rank, categorized as "archdemon class" by the Spirit Knights of the Empire. An existence that none of the elite Blade Dance participants from various countries could possibly handle alone.
If one were to attempt slaying it, most likely an entire division of elite spirit knights would be required at least.
However, Kamito had apparently defeated an archdemon class spirit singlehandedly before.
(...Probably some kind of joke. How could a single person defeat something like that?)
Claire looked up in trepidation at the demon spirit flying in the night sky.
Of course, from the demon spirit's perspective, beings like Claire were completely insignificant. So long as she did not attack first, it probably would not assault her--
"Meow..."
Scarlet also seemed to have sensed the danger and had humbly curled into a ball.
After some time, the gigantic demon spirit leisurely flew into the distance.
"...It's gone."
Seeing that, Claire breathed a sigh of relief.
...As soon as she relaxed, a rumbling informed her of the hungry stomach.
Speaking of which, she still had not eaten yet.
Claire took out the little pill from her pocket and placed it in her mouth. Seeing Scarlet wagging its tail as if it wanted one too, she gave the cat a pill as well.
(...What a tasteless meal.)
However, Claire was used to such lonely meals. Before she met Kamito, she spent her days alone in the Academy residence, subsisting on canned food.
--Completely different from several years ago.
Although the Elstein family's dining table was not as luxurious as other great nobles, they did have exclusive chefs in the city who could provide hot meals on demand.
Also, whenever large scale festivities were being held in their territory, their subjects would prepare and bring all sorts of prided specialties of local cuisine.
(...The Fire Spirit Festival once a year, how nostalgic.)
Stroking Scarlet's head gently, Claire muttered in her heart.
Even now, Claire could still vividly recall the figure of her elder sister in glamorous ritual attire as she danced in offering during the festivals back then.
--It was a memory of her happy everyday life that had vanished like a dream.
At this moment.
"...!?"
Sensing the presence that suddenly appeared, Claire went into high alert.
With her left hand, she grabbed the demon sword of darkness that was leaning against the wall.
"...Who is it!?"
A wild animal's low cry responded to her sharp question.
(...A wolf?)
This word entered her mind momentarily but she instantly rejected the notion.
Wild animals could not possibly appear in this abandoned city.
If they did, they must be--
"--Scarlet!"
Claire swiftly chanted spirit language to release her elemental waffe.
The burning flames lit the dim surroundings.
"...!?"
Appearing out of the darkness was a pack of black hunting hounds.
Five... Or was it six? --Their outlines flickered nonstop as if melding into the surrounding darkness.
"...Why? I couldn't sense any elementalist just now."
As if responding to Claire's murmurings, a voice answered:
"My legion spirit Shadewolf possesses skills in tracking and presence concealment. Ordinary methods cannot detect us."
A girl approached from the entrance of the ruins.
Glaring sharply, this girl had hair that was cut short like a boy's.
"--Special Operative of the Sacred Spirit Knights, Ayla Cedar."
The girl bowed politely then snapped her fingers.
Hearing the sound, the wolf pack began to make intimidating howls as they encircled Claire.
"That demon sword, hand it over."
"I'm sorry, I cannot comply."
Claire struck the floor with Flametongue to deter the wolves.
(...A special operative, in other words, an expert tracker. What a troublesome opponent.)
The wolves were very likely the minions of the shadow spirit.
Despite the name of the Sacred Spirit Knights, it did not imply that all members employed spirits with the holy attribute.
After all, an unbalanced team composition of that sort would be unlikely to win the current Blade Dance with its team format and regulations.
Shadow spirits possessed excellent skills in presence hiding.
Although the flame spirit Scarlet was stronger in pure offensive power, Claire could not afford to be careless because shadow elementalists were skilled in special blade dances.
"Go forth and capture, Shadewolf!"
Heeding the calls of Ayla Cedar, the shadow wolves attacked one after another.
Claire swung her whip to trace out a column of fire in an arc.
--However, the enemy anticipated her move. The wolves instantly melted into the shadows on ground and dove into gaps in the rubble to get around the wall of flame.
"...Tsk, take this -- !?"
Faced with a pouncing wolf, Claire incinerated it at the last second using her whip.
An endlessly criss-crossing mad storm of whip strikes made it impossible for the wolf pack to approach.
"As befits one hailing from the renowned lineage of flame priestesses--"
"After all, I'm used to training animals!"
"I hope you will refrain from throwing insults, Claire Rouge!"
Ayla Cedar snapped her fingers again.
The shadow wolves divided and increased their numbers.
(...With this many, I'm not going to be able to handle them!?)
Instantly, the tides turned on Claire.
There was no end to things when dealing with legion spirits as enemies.
"Go forth and devour, scorching ball of conflagration -- Fireball!"
Releasing spirit magic from her palm, Claire blew away the shadow spirit.
The shadow wolves dispersed like mist but they were not defeated by the attack just now.
Legion spirits which relied on numbers for victory were rather tricky to deal with. In that case--
(--I'll just attack the elementalist directly!)
Claire kicked the ground to accelerate and closed in instantly.
Due to the nature of their duties, special operatives tended not to be skilled in close combat using elemental waffen.
The wolves that had escaped the earlier explosion now bared their fangs and claws as they gave chase, however--
"Too late!"
Claire brandished Flametongue as she ran, establishing a barrier around her.
Using a whip in a one-against-many blade dance was precisely Claire's forte.
Within the blink of an eye, Claire had closed in before Ayla, then--
"--Turn into charcoal!"
Mercilessly, she swung down the fiery whip.
A whip strike with god-like speed, so fast that there was no trail of its trajectory.
During practice, the only one capable of dodging this move was Kamito.
Ayla Cedar was just about to be devoured by the crimson flames -- However.
"I am the shadow that moves in time -- Shade Leap."
Her figure disappeared from before Claire like an afterimage.
(Transfer type spirit magic...!)
Claire's mind began to turn rapidly.
(I remember amongst spirit magic with the shadow attribute, Transfer type magic--)
Having learned at the Academy about the basic magic systems of all the major attributes, Claire had them all memorized with certainty.
The title of the "Problematic Honors Student" was not simply for show.
(...It is supposed to be a magic system with many flaws that make it hard to control.)
Ayla's figure vanished completely.
Instantly, Claire jumped away from her position.
(Shade Leap -- its effect is the transfer between shadows that are closest together...!)
Beneath Claire's feet, her shadow was shaking unnaturally.
But having seen through her opponent's attack, Claire had already prepared countermeasures.
"O Flame, dance a magnificent rondo -- Fire Burst!"
She chanted spirit magic at high speed in midair.
Countless glowing spheres of heat appeared from her palms and banished the surrounding darkness with dazzling light.
Unlike the Fireball, this move lacked damage but could shock and awe the enemy through powerful light and noise.
The white flash instantly cleared the ground of shadows, cancelling the Shade Leap magic.
Suffering the backlash of the cancelled magic, Ayla was ejected onto the ground.
Landing nimbly, Claire instantly attacked with Flametongue.
"Yah!"
The special operative was enveloped in fire and sent crashing into the floor.
With a cracking sound of air, Claire pulled Flametongue back into her hands.
"--Victory has been decided."
Just as she was about to inflict a decisive blow--
"...!?"
She found her foot sinking into a shadow on the ground as she took a step forward.
"...This is an Isolation Barrier!?"
Claire exclaimed in surprise.
Before Ayla started the fight, she must have set a trap in the surroundings--!
"...How careless, hell cat user. After all, special operatives are most adept at relying on traps to fight."
Lying on the ground, Ayla smiled.
However, even with one foot swallowed by shadows, Claire remained calm and composed.
"Relying on a barrier of this level, do you really think you can catch me?"
The victor of the blade dance was already decided.
Struck by a direct hit from Flametongue, Ayla was incapacitated from fighting within the near future.
Unless the ensnarement occurred during battle, otherwise this type of Isolation Barrier, which only took mere minutes to dispel, was virtually meaningless.
"No, I have already achieved my goal."
"What?"
"Because my goal was to keep you pinned down in this location."
"...!"
Claire clicked her tongue as she realized her own stupidity.
(...Her comrades are nearby?)
On further thought, it was only natural.
Otherwise, this girl would not have come to challenge her one on one.
--In that case, it was imperative to escape from here as quickly as possible.
Claire lit a fire with her finger and traced out a magic circle in the air for dispelling the barrier.
'--This method will not be anywhere quick enough, you know. Claire Rouge.'
"...!?"
Claire suddenly looked down.
The exasperated voice came from the demon sword held in her left hand.
"...You recovered your energy?"
'Only a bare minimum, enough to transmit my thoughts. Still not enough to resume human form... That aside, use me to pierce that shadow. Your spirit magic takes too long.'
"Eh?"
'Do it quickly. The Paladin is hastening to this place.'
"...I-I got it."
Claire frantically nodded and used the demon sword's blade to stab the shadow.
Instantly with an ear-splitting metallic clang, the Isolation Barrier ensnaring Claire's foot was easily broken.
"How could this happen!?"
Ayla exclaimed with surprise.
(What power...!)
Claire could not help but gasp.
Simply within an instant, a barrier that would occupy an experienced elementalist quite some time was dispelled--
--Well then, hurry and leave this place.'
"W-Why are you giving me orders!?"
Despite retorting back, Claire was already preparing to flee the scene. However.
"Do you really think I would let the same prey escape twice?"
"...!?"
On the other end of the dim passage came a solemn voice.
"Well done, Ayla. Please rest there for a while."
As her military boots sounded with every step she took, Luminaris Saint Leisched approached.
Then from the opposite end of the alleyway came another person--
"I'll shoot you full of holes if you dare move."
Wielding a silver longbow, yet another girl of the Sacred Spirit Knights.
(...This is bad.)
The two knights were closing in on Claire with a pincer formation.
Her escape routes were completely sealed off.
(...This is hopeless. Nothing I can do but fight?)
Paying attention to the archer behind her, Claire readied Flametongue.
The one before her was the runner-up from the previous Blade Dance who had fought and lost to Ren Ashbell.
Although Claire had no idea how well she could fight against an ace-level elementalist--
--She could not allow herself to be defeated here.
Claire had a Wish she must realize no matter what.
Also--
(All this time, Kamito has protected me many times.)
She gripped the demon sword of darkness in her hand tightly.
Holding the contracted spirit from Kamito's past, the darkness spirit girl.
(...Therefore, I shall in turn protect what's precious to Kamito!)
Reacting to the divine power she released, Flametongue's flames intensified instantly.
The flames were so astounding that even Luminaris displayed wariness and halted her advance.
"Claire Rouge. Why are you going to so far in protecting that darkness spirit?"
"...None of your business."
"--Is it because the demon sword belongs to the Strongest Blade Dancer, Ren Ashbell?"
"Like I said, none of your -- Eh?"
Claire's jaw dropped in surprise.
For an instant, she could not comprehend what Luminaris had said.
"...Just now, what did you say?"
"...? Could it be, you didn't know?"
This time it was Luminaris who displayed an expression of surprise.
Next--
"Then I shall tell you. The darkness spirit over there is the elemental waffe -- the Vorpal Sword."
An unbelievable statement was announced.
"--Namely, the sword used by the strongest blade dancer during the Blade Dance three years ago."
...After several seconds of silence.
"...Eh?"
Claire uttered a weak powerless sound.
"What do you mean...?"
"Exactly as the words say. The demon sword you are holding right now in your hand is the contracted spirit of the Strongest Blade Dancer. The elemental waffe -- Vorpal Sword."
Luminaris repeated the same content.
"...!"
Claire instantly opened her eyes wide and her gaze fell upon the demon sword in her hand.
...Luminaris did not appear to be lying or providing misdirection. Furthermore, this rigid Paladin did not seem like the type to care for word games.
However.
"...H-How did you find that out!?"
Claire questioned to corroborate.
...Indeed, the sword's appearance was extremely similar.
But despite the similarity -- it was not entirely the same.
The appearance of the elemental waffe used by Ren Ashbell whom Claire had always idolized and revered remained vividly in Claire's memories to this day.
...Claire could not possibly make a mistake in recognition.
Elemental waffe were existences that materialized the user's psyche. Hence it was understandable for Kamito and Ren Ashbell -- two people whose sword skills originated from the same master -- to have similarities.
However, Luminaris quietly shook her head.
"...I know without a doubt. After all, I fought directly against that demon sword three years ago."
"..."
Claire closed her mouth.
--Indeed, Luminaris had engaged the Strongest Blade Dancer, Ren Ashbell, in blade dance during the finals three years ago.
As an elementalist of the highest class, discerning the true nature of elemental waffen she had faced directly in combat before should not be a difficult task.
Since she had determined this demon sword to be the Vorpal Sword, it was equivalent to saying -- it was fact beyond a doubt.
The darkness spirit Restia was Kamito's contracted spirit in the past.
At the same time, Restia was the demon sword of the Strongest Blade Dancer, Ren Ashbell's -- Vorpal Sword.
From this, one could conclude--
(In that case, Kamito really is...?)
Claire felt her breathing quicken and her heart beginning to race.
All along, Claire had suspected Kamito's true identity many times.
When Kamito used the same sword style as her, Claire had even sought Ellis' aid to investigate the truth.
However, no matter how much she suspected, some part of her mind remained in denial.
Three years ago, the Strongest Blade Dancer, Ren Ashbell, had appeared out of nowhere like a comet.
Through her overwhelmingly powerful and magnificent blade dance, she became the "maiden" idolized by all princess maidens across the entire continent.
The one whom Claire had idolized from childhood and regarded as her goal--
--Turned out to be right by her side all this time.
"That darkness spirit is taking part in the current festival as a member of Team Inferno. With that, it should be an elementary exercise to speculate that she is Ren Ashbell's demon sword, right?"
Luminaris continued to display a surprised expression.
She looked like she was not aware of Restia being Kamito's contracted spirit, and she even believed firmly that the commander of Team Inferno was the real Ren Ashbell.
Claire's gaze stopped on the demon sword of darkness in her hand.
"...Is that really true?"
She asked.
But the demon sword did not reply.
Whether this was intentional or because she simply exhausted her power to dispel the Barrier, Claire was not sure--
"..."
Claire felt her throat dry up. Her mind was in turmoil.
...The truth has yet to be confirmed.
She could not be sure that Luminaris' words were the truth.
However--
(The fact that Kamito is Ren Ashbell, the Strongest Blade Dancer...)
...There was no feeling of being deceived.
Because Kamito's wish to keep it a secret was understandable. Furthermore, the trusting relationship they had built up over their days together was not so shallow as to waver so easily on a discovery like this.
"...~I, how shall I face Kamito from now on?"
Claire felt her cheeks heat up instantly.
...She had yet to settle her emotions.
Even though it was not the time to waver before a formidable enemy--
"--In any case!"
Luminaris closed in further at this time.
"Hand the demon sword over. It is an existence that will one day become the Enemy of the World."
"...!"
Claire brought her awareness back to the enemy at hand and readied Flametongue.
Now was not the time to think too much. Kamito's true identity could be pondered later.
(This is Kamito's sword and his precious contracted spirit. Therefore--)
Feigning ignorance as she swept away the penetrating ache in her heart--
Claire voiced out her determination.
"I have no reason to hand it over to you!"
The burning Flametongue slashed across the night sky.
Both Luminaris in front of Claire and the knight in the back took action simultaneously.
Ignoring the archer behind her, Claire faced Luminaris.
(The rule of one-against-many engagements is that the first strike must eliminate the greatest threat...!)
Chanting a spirit language incantation--
"Go forth and dance, the crimson flames summoning destruction -- Hell Blaze!"
In the forward direction, Claire released the strongest spirit magic with the fire attribute.
This astounding heat wave, hot enough to melt rock, engulfed Luminaris.
(...Success! Once a direct hit--)
But in the next instant.
"...!"
The intensely burning flames were instantly extinguished.
What sliced through the flames -- was a flash of dazzling brilliance.
(That is...!)
Claire had seen the sword before.
Three years ago, Luminaris had used this elemental waffe on the stage of the Blade Dance finals.
"With brilliance that illuminates for eternity, the demon vanquishing sacred sword -- Murgleis!"
Luminaris called out the sacred sword's title sonorously.
The sword blade gave off blinding light, devouring the flames, the torrential light sliced through the dark night.
"Guh...!"
Faced with dazzling light, Claire could not help but narrow her eyes.
"Together with Her Majesty the Queen's sacred sword, Durandal, they are known as the highest ranking elemental waffen. Don't delude yourself into thinking it could melt from flames of that level!"
Luminaris stabbed the sacred sword into the ground.
Instantly, the ground shattered as a sharp blade of light rushed forward in a straight line.
If Claire attempted to evade by jumping, she would probably become a target for a second slash.
"--Block it, Flame Wall!"
Claire urgently chanted defensive magic.
Intending to reduce the power of the blade of light--
"Yah!"
But the blade of light easily sliced through the flame barrier and struck Claire's body directly. As physical damage instantly converted into psychological damage, her mind was shaken.
"...Guh, ooh.."
"Wow, one hit was not enough to take you down?"
Luminaris expressed mild surprise in her voice.
(...Damn it, so this is what it means to be an ace-level elementalist.)
Not just martial arts. The total volume of divine power at their disposal also differed substantially.
Despite releasing the spirit's power to such an extent, Luminaris remained completely composed.
"Claire Rouge, you are an excellent elementalist. However--"
Luminaris stopped in front of Claire who lay collapsed on the ground.
Then--
"You are still too inexperienced."
She stepped on the demon sword of darkness held firmly in Claire's hand.
Readying Murgleis with both hands, Luminaris pointed her sword straight down.
"Vorpal Sword -- I originally hoped to defeat you in a proper blade dance."
"No, stop..."
Claire desperately moved her fingers as she panted.
The darkness spirit Restia -- she was precious to Kamito.
(I, must protect her...!)
Claire mustered all her strength, trying to pull back the darkness spirit who was stuck in demon sword form without any power.
"Please spare me the futile struggle. I have no wish to enact unnecessary violence."
However, Luminaris' military boot crushed Claire's left hand.
"...Ah, owww...!"
The blunt sound of bones shattering could be heard.
Claire suppressed the scream rising in the depths of her throat.
An overwhelming disparity in power. Despite the progress Claire had made during the current Blade Dance, her difference in level compared to Luminaris was still massive.
At least, in a one-on-one blade dance, she had no hope of winning.
(...But clearly that "Ren Ashbell" is even more powerful than Luminaris.)
She recalled the scarlet-masked elementalist she faced off against in the forest.
During that time, even partnered with Rinslet, they could not even put up any meaningful resistance.
Suddenly.
(Right, back then...!)
Claire had a flash of inspiration.
The flames she displayed for Rinslet who was about to be killed.
(That Ren Ashbell imposter called it the Flames of Elstein...)
If I could once again release those flames that incinerated other flames--
"...Flames!"
Just like back then.
Claire imagined flames dancing madly and lit a fire in her right hand.
However--
(...No good, not this type of fire!)
These current flames were converted from one's own divine power using the contracted spirit as a medium.
Fundamentally different from those flames that incinerated other flames.
"You still have strength to resist huh?"
Luminaris announced coldly, pointing the tip of her sacred sword at Claire's neck:
"However, it is futile. You shall be defeated and retired right here."
"...!"
In that instant.
"Luminaris-sama!"
The archer girl screamed shrilly.
Flametongue turned back into the hell cat and roared as it attacked Luminaris.
"Scarlet!"
"What a loyal and dutiful spirit."
Luminaris turned swiftly and swatted Scarlet away with one strike of the sacred sword.
Scarlet was instantly sent flying and crashed into the ground.
Even its desperate strike ended in failure.
(It's all over, is it...?)
Claire bit her lip hard.
Having exhausted the last of her strength, even maintaining her consciousness was difficult.
At this moment.
'--There's still a chance, you know.'
A whisper was heard in her mind.
(...Darkness spirit?)
Restia was talking directly to Claire's consciousness like earlier.
'Claire Rouge. Perhaps in your current state, you might be able to draw out her original power that was sealed.'
(...By her you mean?)
In her mind, Claire questioned back with surprise.
'Please call out her true name. The spirit weapon once known as the bloodstained princess. The utmost treasure entrusted to the Elstein bloodline -- the Scarlet Valkyrie.'
(Scarlet Valkyrie... Could it be that--!)
Claire opened her eyes wide.
(You know Scarlet's true name?)
Come to think of it, that "Ren Ashbell" also mentioned this name before.
--The flame spirit serving the Elstein family, whose true name had been lost in the distant past.
'Claire Rouge, touch the body of my blade with the back of your hand. I shall transmit to your mind directly her image. As reluctant as I am to awaken my enemy, there is no other choice now that things have progressed to this point.'
(...Eh?)
'Hurry!'
Hearing Restia urging her--
Claire steeled her determination and used the back of her right hand -- the fire spirit seal to touch the tip of the sword.
She had no choice but to believe in the darkness spirit and take a gamble.
"...Guh, ahh..."
Accompanied by an acute sense of pain, an expanding torrent of images surged into her mind.
The crimson princess knight wielded a massive scythe as she faced armies of countless spirits in battle.
--The one who guided courageous warriors to the final battlefield.
--The one whom the flames of destruction obeyed, bestowing eternal demise upon foolish enemies.
'Her name is--'
Claire loudly called out the true name transmitted from the darkness spirit.

"Her name being, the Scarlet Valkyrie -- Ortlinde."

Instantly, crimson flames swallowed Scarlet's body.
"...What!?"
Luminaris exclaimed in alarm.
Next--
"--You have finally called out my name, Master."
Out from amidst the wildly dancing flames, a girl appeared.
The sight of the red-haired girl appearing out of the crimson flames--
Made Claire even forget the pain in her bleeding right hand--
"It's Scarlet...?"
Claire murmured in shock.
Within Claire's hazy and unsteady field of vision--
The girl stepped up to protect Claire, facing off against Luminaris.
A petite, graceful and slender figure.
Pristine pale complexion, clad in a dress of flames.
Emerging from her crimson hair that was redder than fire--
Triangular ears like a cat's.
"Yes, Master."
The pair of cat ears moved slightly.
The red-haired girl nodded as she stared at Luminaris before her.
"The Scarlet Valkyrie -- whose true name of old is Ortlinde."
"...!"
Instantly, the flames on the girl's body burned even more intensely.
Claire held her breath in the face of such flames that seemed as if though they were charring the night sky.
(Amazing...!)
In contrast to its cute appearance as a cat, Scarlet was already a powerful spirit.
However, the girl before Claire's eyes -- was an existence far surpassing norms.
"...Is that the flame spirit's true appearance?"
Luminaris groaned in her throat.
Her expression no longer displayed the same composure as before.
"Spirits bearing human form are known as the highest level spirits--"
Staring at Scarlet unerringly before her eyes, Luminaris held the sacred sword Murgleis with both hands.
"Luminaris-sama!"
At this moment.
An arrow of light shot at Scarlet from behind.
This was the doing of the other female knight lurking on the other end of the darkness.
She probably intended to launch a surprise attack from the direction opposite to Luminaris.
However.
"--Too slow."
Scarlet created little fireballs in both hands.
The fireballs silently rotated around her, easily deflecting the incoming arrow.
"...Wha!"
"Over there--"
With a mere turn of her finger--
Suddenly, a fireball flew towards where the arrow was shot from--
In the next instant, an astounding explosion was heard as a pillar of fire emerged.
"...!"
Taking this as the signal for their fight to begin--
Wielding Murgleis in her hand, Luminaris stepped forward forcefully, instantly closing the distance.
"--Master, please issue your orders."
A crisp voice with a touch of sternness was heard.
"...Please order the Scarlet Valkyrie -- Ortlinde!"
Gradually slipping towards unconsciousness, Claire cried out.
"Defeat the enemy!"
"Understood, Master."
Scarlet swiftly swung her arm towards the air.
With a burst of scattering fire, she summoned a massive crimson scythe in her hands.
Its ferocious appearance seemed as if it were forged out of the flames of hell directly.
Held in this adorable little girl's hands, it seemed extremely out of place.
"--O Knight, thou art the one who prevaileth against the trials of fire!"
Luminaris chanted for protection against fire.
Producing slicing wind from the swings of her sword, she slashed apart the burning flames.
Scarlet leaped with agility, swinging the massive crimson scythe in midair.
With an ear-splitting sound of impact, sparks flew all around.
The shockwave from the clash caused rubble on the ground to fly.
This was a blade dance between a topnotch elementalist and a top-class flame spirit.
"Amazing..."
Seeing the blade dance being performed before her eyes, Claire could not help but exclaim in admiration.
Scarlet's movements far surpassed her speed in hell cat form.
Although they were well-matched in the initial clashes, the tides quickly turned against Luminaris who could not defeat the incoming flames.
"...So this is the power of a top-class spirit!?"
"--Unforgivable. I cannot show mercy to you who have hurt Master."
Scarlet swung the massive crimson scythe, her slashes forming flames that began to burn.
The scorching flames she produced could not be defended against by mere defensive magic.
"...No matter what, I cannot lose in this kind of place!"
Despite the flames surrounding her, Luminaris continued to swing her sword.
"I must resume my duel with her and bring victory back to my homeland--"
"Regrettably--"
Instantly, Scarlet's figure vanished.
Or rather, using the sacred sword's blade as a stepping platform, she jumped into the air at once.
"You will disappear here."
--The crimson crescent shone against the dark night.
An expression of despair was spreading from the blue eyes of the Paladin as she gazed upwards.
Next--
"O Flames, let a night of red descend upon the earth -- Crimson Judgment."
The dancing flames of conflagration devoured Luminaris.
In the dark underground maze, the aroma of pancakes spread through the air.
"...So very tasty."
The mysterious young princess maiden was enjoying the delicious pancakes.
Nibbling away in small bites, she looked extremely adorable.
"I can make as many as you want, so please eat to your heart's content."
"Thank you..."
The girl nodded happily.
(By the way...)
Rinslet suddenly inclined her head in puzzlement.
(...This child, who is she actually?)
...Her identity was a complete riddle. How should one put it? No humans were supposed to be present in a place like this except for participants in the Blade Dance.
(Perhaps...)
Rinslet suddenly thought of one possibility.
"Like Est-san, she is a high-level spirit--"
Then her presence in Astral Zero could be explained.
"...?"
Her cheeks stuffed full of food, the girl looked in Rinslet's direction.
"...You, perhaps you are a spirit?"
"..."
The girl silently nodded.
...It looked like the speculation was correct.
Rinslet adjusted her sitting posture lightly.
This was the proper etiquette for a princess maiden towards a high-level spirit.
"Well, may I be so bold as to ask what your divine name may be?"
"..."
The girl averted her gaze... Clearly she did not want to answer this time.
"Well, may I ask why you have appeared in such a place?"
"..."
No answer either. --Just as Rinslet concluded that...
"...No idea."
The girl looked up and gave that answer.
"...No idea?"
"Can't remember."
Did she lose her memory?
But spirits were not supposed to lose their memory--
(...Wait a minute, there's also another case like that.)
Rinslet had heard that the sword spirit Est only retained portions of her memory because of the irregular contract she established with Kamito.
Perhaps this spirit who resembled a girl in outer appearance also lost her memory for some reason.
Otherwise--
(Could she be toying with me?)
Rinslet muttered in her mind.
"Just now, you said you knew the spirits whose names are carved on the stone wall, right?"
"..."
The spirit girl nodded.
"Scarlet Valkyrie -- Ortlinde. In the Spirit War several thousand years ago, she was the flame spirit revered and feared as the bloodstained princess."
"Why would you know something like that?"
Although Rinslet felt it was a little impertinent to question a high-level spirit like this...
"...When clearly you've lost your memory."
Rinslet still felt she had to add the last statement.
"I have been imprisoned in this underground maze all along. The only thing I could do to alleviate boredom was to decipher the voluminous history carved on the stone walls."
"Imprisoned?"
If this girl really was a spirit--
Physical imprisonment in a maze was not possible.
Probably through some kind of magical means, she was sealed here.
"So who did--"
Just at this moment.
"Yah!"
The ground shook intensely, causing debris to rain down noisily from the ceiling.
Shielding the girl reflexively, Rinslet looked up.
"I-It's an earthquake?"
"Earthquakes do not occur in this abandoned city."
The girl shook her head.
"Very likely, a powerful spirit is rampaging on the surface."
"A powerful spirit?"
Rinslet's expression froze.
On the surface, the final round of the Blade Dance was in full swing.
Perhaps, Kamito and the others were facing a crisis right this moment.
"...What is it?"
"It's no time for me to be dilly dallying here like this."
Rinslet stood up. Although she wanted to learn more about this spirit who bore a young girl's appearance, it was clearly not the occasion for this.
...In any case, she had to leave this underground maze to search for her comrades.
Then--
The girl wiped her mouth using the sleeve of her priestess uniform and stood up lightly.
"...Follow me."
"Eh?"
"The exit, I'll show you."
Kamito and Ellis shifted to some nearby ruins away from the place they had been staying earlier.
Staying in one spot was not a wise idea because as soon as an elementalist skilled in espionage spotted them, barriers and other traps could be set.
Compared to the Tempest where it was advantageous to establish and defend a stronghold as early as possible, the Cross Fire required completely different tactics.
"Is the poison all gone?"
Lying down on his back against the stone floor, Kamito asked.
"Yeah, I feel much better... All thanks to you."
Ellis blushed in response and nodded.
"However, uh, I hope you do not get the wrong idea. J-Just now, it was all because of the aphrodisiac from the poison! O-Only because of it, did that kind of shameless behavior..."
"...Y-Yeah, I understand."
Recalling what had happened during the poison treatment, Kamito became embarrassed as well.
...The two of them avoided eye contact.
"I-It's about time we went to sleep. At this time, it would be best to stay away from outside."
The abandoned city at night was the city of demons where archdemon class spirits roamed.
In a certain sense, they were even more dangerous than meeting an enemy team.
"Mmmhmm, you are right. Because blade dances in the night are dangerous! O-Of course, even though I mentioned blade dance in the night, do note I am not referring to that particular meaning!"
"...Ellis?"
"H-Hurry and go to sleep! We must leave this place early in the morning."
"You're not going to rest, Ellis?"
"I have rested enough. After all, you were keeping watch all this time. When early morning arrives, I will wake you up."
Wielding Ray Hawk in her hand, Ellis shook her head.
Kamito could not help but smile wryly.
"This is totally fine for me. In past missions, there were times when I went days without sleep."
"Missions?"
"Uh yeah... It was back during the days at the Instructional School."
"...Sorry. I have made you remember unpleasant memories."
"No--"
Kamito scratched his head awkwardly.
The memories he recalled were of the two whom he used to team up with.
Lily Flame and Muir Alenstarl.
These girls, whom he had not seen for four years, had now reappeared as Kamito's enemies.
--Is there no other way of life for the children who grew up in that facility but this?
"...Those two's hearts are probably still sealed and locked away."
By that insane facility that was now destroyed.
Pitying them would be an act of excessive arrogance.
(--I had Restia.)
Without her, Kamito's hands would probably be completely stained with bloodshed.
Hands that were not for protecting precious companions--
Rumble rumble rumble rumble rumble rumble -- !
Suddenly, the ground shook intensely.
"Wha!" "...Hmm!"
The quake sent Kamito tumbling forward and falling into Ellis.
Burying his face into a soft mountainous valley, he was about to suffocate.
"Uwah! K-Kamito, what are you doing! I-I am not quite ready yet..."
"S-Sorry... No wait, what on earth is happening--?"
As he lifted his head up from Ellis' bosom, in the next instant--
BOOM...!
The ceiling of the ruins suddenly vanished.
"...!"
As if sliced open by a sharp blade.
Appearing right above was the starry night sky of Astral Zero.
And also--
A gigantic and vicious flame demon, wielding a fiery whip.
"A demon flame spirit...!"
On the shoulder of the vicious demon that spewed forth scorching flames--
Sat a girl dressed in the Theocracy's military uniform.
Innocent eyes of pure blue. Ash-gray hair tied into twintails on the sides of her head.
"Muir..."
"Onii-sama, let's play♪"
The Monster of the Instructional School smiled adorably towards Kamito.

"...!"
The earth was shaking violently.
As Kamito and Ellis were rendered speechless, above them, a demon shrouded in crimson flames let loose a deep roar.
The atmosphere trembled and the sweeping gust of scorching air seared skin.
Gazing up at the massive demon overhead, Kamito groaned.
"Muir..."
"What is it, Onii-sama? You don't want to play with Muir?"
The innocently smiling girl -- Muir Alenstarl.
A snake pattern was entwined around her right arm, glowing ominously.
This was not a spirit seal.
Rather, for this girl known as the Monster, this was the abnormal ability she was born with -- Jester's Vise.
In order to control this abnormal ability, a Cursed Armament Seal had been implanted.
"If you want to play, isn't it a bit late at night?"
"Ara, Muir likes playing at night."
Muir licked her lips.
"...Ellis, jump quickly!"
Kamito instantly yelled.
The giant demon flame spirit casually swung the flaming whip.
Accompanied by a massive boom, the rubble on the ground exploded and rained down as scorching lava.
(...W-What kind of strength is this!?)
Jumping into the air, Kamito swallowed hard.
The ground was split apart as if it had suffered an earthquake as well as becoming scorched and burned tragically.
Although there were similarities, the demon flame spirit's whip was closer to a blunt weapon like a club compared to Claire's Flametongue which included the traits of a slashing weapon.
...Even without a direct hit, getting swept in the wake of the weapon's aftershock was probably enough to kiss goodbye to this world.
If that kind of thing keeps being swung unhindered--
(How utterly terrifying...)
Moving along the slanting wall of the ruins, Kamito jumped repeatedly. As a first step, it was imperative to find high ground to seek refuge from the flames. Naturally, he realized that this would not last for long--
"Kamito!"
Ellis caught up to him using Flight magic.
Landing by Kamito's side, she glared at the demon flame spirit that dyed the entire dark night red.
"...What a terrifying spirit. Most likely, it is a tactical-class militarized spirit."
"Yeah. Muir is an expert amongst militarized spirit users."
Back when Kamito was teamed up with her at the Instructional School, her main responsibility was large-scale destruction.
In terms of pure destructive power, Muir's ability even surpassed Kamito.
"Fufu, as expected of Onii-sama. To think you escaped Valaraukar's attack."
Sitting on the demon flame spirit's shoulder, Muir laughed with delight.
--Suddenly, her merciless blue eyes were turned towards Ellis.
"Ponytail-neechan. Leave Onii-sama's side immediately. Within two seconds."
"...!"
This was the gaze of a merciless murderer.
Feeling the immobilizing intensity of the killing intent, Ellis faltered for an instant. However.
"--Refuse."
"Hmm?"
"...I-I said I refuse!"
She glared back at Muir straight on.
No, not only did she do that--
"E-Ellis, what on earth are you doing!?"
"S-Shut up!"
Blushing, Ellis even went as far as to embrace Kamito's arm tightly.
"...I-I will never leave!"
"Ellis..."
Kamito's arm was sandwiched between her supple breasts.
...Despite the kind of situation they were in currently, Kamito could not help but feel his heart racing.
--At this time.
"Eh, I see--"
The air that was being surrounded by the demon flame spirit's heat instantly froze.
"You really want to die that badly, Onee-chan?"
Muir's blue eyes lost their luster as the Cursed Armament Seal on her right arm shone with red light.
Instantly, Valaraukar roared as if going mad.
"Very well. Before I play with Onii-sama, I will play my fill with you first."
Muir smiled innocently.
"I will string you up naked like a puppet, humiliating you nonstop in Onii-sama's view until you scream and beg in pain. Then I'll have you drawn and quartered. Finally, I'll incinerate you completely into ashes!"
Intense flames spewed out from the demon's black lava-like body.
The flaming whip traced out a red trail as it swung down, looking as though it was ripping the atmosphere apart.
Ellis instantly released Kamito and jumped from the ground.
"I am the witch who gallops across the blue sky -- Air Wings!"
Enveloped in wind conjured by spirit magic, she flew through the gaps in the scorching flames.
"Ellis!"
Kamito was just about to rush over--
Seeing Ellis turn her head back and gestured with her eyes, he instantly understood her plan.
(...She's deliberately provoking Muir.)
During this time while Ellis acted as bait, he was to defeat Valaraukar.
Because they had partnered up in the Sylphid Knights all this time, Kamito was able to understand immediately.
"...This is totally reckless."
That said, Kamito could not afford to waste this opportunity that she created.
Kamito adjusted his grip on the Demon Slayer in his hand.
"--We're up, Est."
He infused all his divine power into the blade.
As if illuminating the entire dark night, Terminus Est gave off dazzling brilliance.
The energy exhausted during the battle with the Forsaken Spirits had almost recovered completely.
Slicing through the flames, Kamito rushed forward towards the roaring demon flame spirit.
Being able to head straight forward was a good thing, seeing as the surroundings had turned into a sea of fire. Running along the ruins that provided a foothold above the ground surface that was being devoured by flowing lava, he searched for a path to approach.
A casual swing of the flaming whip struck the ground, pulverizing the ruins.
Whether it was due to madness brought on by the power of the Jester's Vise or the original spirit itself was unstable, the demon flame spirit's skill with the whip was extremely crude and hence it was very easy to predict its trajectory.
Compared to Claire's splendid whip techniques, it was as far apart as heaven and earth.
(That said--)
The whip's overwhelming destructive power completely pulverized the surrounding territory, almost making up for the crudeness of technique. Even if one escaped the whip's direct attack, a grazing blow from the super high temperature flames produced would cause fatal injuries.
"This reminds me of the time when I soloed an archdemon class spirit..."
Wiping the sweat off his brow, Kamito groaned.
Striking down incoming masses of flying lava, he closed in.
If he did not hurry -- amidst these intense heat waves, Ellis could not endure for long.
Or perhaps, even before that, Muir might recover her calm rational judgment.
This was Kamito's second time fighting the Instructional School's Number Two, Muir Alenstarl the Monster. The first battle happened back at Ragna Ys--
She was commanding the powerful annihilation spirit Tiamat that time.
(Although I barely pulled through last time...)
It was because Kamito's combat style was well-suited to countering spirits geared towards wide area damage.
In terms of pure power, Muir was superior. Furthermore, this Valaraukar was most likely a militarized spirit intended for single combat.
In a direct confrontation, it was not just troublesome for one would be overwhelmed by its strength.
Furthermore--
(...Back then, Muir didn't seem like she was serious in wanting to fight me.)
Valaraukar roared as raging flames spewed forth from all over its body.
"...!"
Kamito instantly halted and stabbed the Demon Slayer into the ground.
Immediately, an intense shockwave reached Kamito.
Heated by the flames, the air swept forth like a storm.
"Guh... What is this power..."
Holding on for dear life to the sword stabbed into the ground, Kamito looked around for Ellis' position.
"Ellis!"
--He found her instantly.
Struck squarely by the shockwave in midair, Ellis was now falling towards the ground.
Below her, the ground had already turned into a sea of lava.
(...I must make it in time!)
Pulling his sword out, Kamito performed a rolling maneuver and rushed forward.
--At this moment, the whip swung down, forming a barrier of flame to obstruct his path.
"Don't interfere, Onii-sama. Muir is currently playing with that Onee-chan."
"...!"
Sitting on the flame demon's shoulder, Muir giggled.
"...Kamito, I am fine!"
Ellis' voice came from the other side of the flame barrier.
...It looked like she managed to use Flight magic in time to avoid the dangers of crashing down.
Kamito breathed a sigh of relief.
"Ara, how resilient, Onee-chan."
Muir's gray-colored hair began to stand on end from anger.
Kamito did not fail to notice her slightly trembling hands.
(She's over straining herself...)
Muir's abnormal power -- the Jester's Vise, had a critical shortcoming.
Namely, duration.
Commanding such a powerful militarized spirit also placed an extraordinary burden upon Muir herself.
If the spirit did not break first from her usage, Muir would suffer the fate of destruction herself.
(...At most three, no, five minutes or so.)
Running around as he stalled for time -- suddenly, this thought occurred to Kamito.
(...No, that's not going to work.)
Instantly, he shook his head to reject the idea.
...Retreating under such circumstances was impossible.
Escape routes were all sealed by the collapsed ruins and the barrier of flame. Ellis probably could escape using flight magic, but fleeing while dodging the flaming whip was very difficult.
"This leaves breaking through by force only."
Kamito readied the Demon Slayer in a stance and slashed towards the barrier of flame in front of him.
These were not the same flames as the ones Claire usually used when going easy on someone.
Instead, these were super high temperature flames that turned everything into charcoal on contact.
Kamito charged towards the flame barrier.
"...Onii-sama!?"
Muir cried out anxiously.
Was she staying wary of Kamito's apparently reckless behavior or was she worrying about his safety--
In any case, Kamito continued to accelerate nonchalantly and infused divine power into the sacred sword's blade.
"Absolute Blade Arts, Fourth Form -- Blaze Slash!"
With a vigorous intensity, he unleashed the attack in one breath. Turning himself into a tornado, he flew into the flames.
This was a special sword skill for countering the flame attribute by using the vortex of wind generated from the slash to sweep away the flames and absorb them.
Charging to the other side of the flame barrier, Kamito found Ellis waiting right there for him.
"Ellis, we're up!"
"Yes--!"
Holding Ray Hawk in her hand, Ellis flew into the fiery crimson sky.
"...Tsk, what a foolish Onee-chan. You will be struck down no matter how many times you try!"
Muir's Cursed Armament Seal glowed ominously.
With the release of the Jester's Vise's power, the flame demon began to rampage.
Its roar turned into a shockwave fired towards Ellis.
"--Evil wind, go forth and rampage."
Ellis' Ray Hawk gave off an intense flash of light.
The blades of wind cancelled out the shockwave and headed straight for the demon flame spirit.
"Something like that can't possibly work against Valaraukar!"
Muir was right. The wild blades of wind were all deflected by the skin of lava.
As expected, an ordinary attack could not harm the spirit.
However.
"Of course I know that!"
Ellis' attack was simply a smokescreen.
During this time, Kamito had closed in on the flame demon by traveling along the ground.
"...Wha!?"
Leaping along the ground, he swiftly approached beneath the legs of the demon flame spirit.
Like an axe for chopping a great tree, the Demon Slayer was swung.
In the next instant.
"Absolute Blade Arts, First Form -- Purple Lightning!"
Kamito unleashed a sword technique for localized destruction, exploding at Valaraukar's ankle.
R-ROOOOOOOOOOAAAAAAAR--!
Losing balance, the demon flame spirit's massive body swayed as if about to fall.
Even though it was a tactical-class militarized spirit, this result was perfectly reasonable after suffering an attack from the strongest elemental waffe of the steel attribute, Terminus Est.
Roaring angrily, the flame demon collapsed upon its knees on the burning ground.
The tremors produced caused surrounding ruins to collapse one after another.
To avoid being flattened by the gigantic body, Kamito swiftly disengaged. Distancing himself, he readied his sword once more.
"Muir. I'm sorry but we can't stay and play with you any further."
"..."
Muir's blue eyes gazed calmly at Kamito.
The ash-gray twintails fluttered in the wind blowing against her.
"I see, so Onii-sama too."
"...Hmm?"
"Onii-sama too, hopes to play with Muir."
"...!"
The light vanished from Muir's blue eyes.
Instantly, the kneeling demon produced an intense flash of light from its mouth, engulfing Kamito's body.
"Kamito!"
Ellis' shout sounded like a mournful scream, however.
"...Guh, I never expected it to have an attack like that...!"
Seeing Kamito emerge from the debris, Ellis instantly breathed a sigh of relief.
After all, it was an attack made by the spirit before it regained balance, hence Kamito managed to evade successfully at the very last moment.
Despite the pain from burns causing him to grimace, Kamito continued to grip the Demon Slayer tightly.
Valaraukar propped up one knee, intending to stand up again.
--The only chance was now.
"...Escaping will not work, Onii-sama. If you are unable to move, then just promise you will never ever ever leave Muir's side again."
Branded upon Muir's arm, the Cursed Armament Seal bled profusely.
...From the way it looks, she was being devoured by her abnormal power and gradually going out of control. If she continued to use the Jester's Vise's abnormal power in this manner, she could die in the worst case scenario.
(...As if anyone was going to let that happen!)
Kamito made a flying leap.
Valaraukar's flaming whip proceeded to sweep the scorching hot land.
Fragments of debris flew and scattered. --However, Kamito had long departed from that location.
In that instant, Kamito had sneaked his way into the bosom of the demon flame spirit who was kneeling on one knee.
(--This next strike shall determine the victor!)
From the ground, it was impossible to launch an effective attack against the gigantic demon flame spirit.
However, Kamito was confident.
"Kamito, catch!"
From midair, Ellis aimed beside Kamito's feet and threw Ray Hawk.
Enveloped in a vortex of wind, the spear tip penetrated the ground unerringly.
This was the perfect opportunity created by the tacit understanding within the team's vanguard combo.
"I'm sorry, I'm borrowing this!"
Kamito stepped onto the shaft of the spear that was embedded into the ground at a slant -- In that very instant.
"--O Storm, release thy power!"
Ellis chanted the words of release.
Boom -- !
An intense cyclone instantly began to blow, shooting the spear out from the ground with explosive force.
Standing upon the spear shaft, Kamito flew high into the sky. Then the instant Ray Hawk flew above Valaraukar's head, Kamito leaped from the spear.
"How could this be possible...?!"
Muir stared wide-eyed.
"Muir, let me tell you. This is called a team battle."
No matter how powerful a militarized spirit was, there were limits to solitary power.
Kamito raised the Demon Slayer in midair.
Immediately--
"--Bursting Blossom Spiral Blade Dance - Eighteen Consecutive Strikes!"
The Absolute Blade Arts' anti-spirit technique was unleashed explosively.
Crushing, piercing, slashing, slashing, slashing -- an eighteen-hit combo was delivered in flowing succession.
With each intense eruption of sparks, the demon flame spirit's body was split open.
"Ohhhhhhhhhhhh!"
When the final slash landed on the dead center of its skull, in that very instant--
Valaraukar's gigantic body immediately crashed towards the ground.
However, it was not yet completely destroyed. Such astounding endurance.
"Guh..."
Panting heavily, Kamito supported himself using the upright sword against the ground.
The strain on the body from using the Absolute Blade Arts was extraordinary.
--At this time.
"No way..."
Amidst the sea of flame, Muir murmured, her face all pale.
"Muir..."
"Muir's spirit, how could it lose -- Guh..."
The pallidity of her face was most likely not only due to the shock of losing to Kamito.
(Starting from when she first started controlling the demon flame spirit, over five minutes have already passed...)
Prolonged usage of the Jester's Vise caused Muir's body to reach its limit.
Bright red blood dripped continuously from the Cursed Armament Seal branded on her right arm.
"It's not over... It's not over yet, Onii-sama."
"Stop it. If you continue like this your life will be in danger."
Kamito shrugged slightly, then--
He caught Muir in both arms as she looked like she was about to collapse.
"...Onii...-sama!?"
Muir's body was instantly drained of all strength.
"W-Why..."
"...Muir, I'm sorry. For leaving you alone all this time."
"Onii-sama...!"
He heard Muir's gasp by his ear.
The Instructional School's Monster -- Muir Alenstarl.
Having lost her spirit, she was just a common little girl.
(...In the past, I never noticed this fact.)
He lightly stroked her ash-gray hair.
"Ah, oooh..."
Muir curled up her body as if feeling ticklish.
"...Onii-sama, that's no fair. To think you would do this."
Muir pouted sullenly.
Kamito turned his gaze to her right arm, only to find that the Cursed Armament Seal's glow had vanished.
"...Muir, I told you so already."
In a tower far away from the battlefield of swirling flames of conflagration.
Lily Flame bit her lip hard.
She had stayed in this location all this time, watching over Muir's blade dance.
Providing reinforcements was impossible. Spirits driven by the Jester's Vise into a rampage were unable to distinguish friend from foe. For a demon tree spirit whose weakness was fire, even approaching was impossible.
Failing to stop Muir could be considered a major blunder.
After Cardinal -- Ren Ashbell, Muir was Team Inferno's next strongest combatant. The original plan was to send her against elementalists of Leonora's level or above.
(With this, Cardinal...)
Of course, Lily never expected her lord to be defeated in battle.
Whether the Knights of the Dragon Emperor or the Sacred Spirit Knights, neither of them were her match.
However--
(...Cardinal's body cannot fight for long durations.)
Lily had noticed this weakness she was hiding.
Precisely because of it, she handed over the responsibility of annihilating enemy teams to Muir during the Tempest.
(Should I take Muir back, no--)
Although Kamito was injured all over already, defeating him was impossible.
That was how vast their difference in level was.
Absolutely impossible to alleviate, an overwhelming difference in power.
(Now is the time to abandon Muir and report back to Cardinal--)
--Suddenly at this time.
"...!"
A presence was felt from behind.
"...Who is it!?'
Lily called out and threw a knife into the darkness--
"Fufu, isn't this a little rude against a fellow teammate?"
"You are--"
The girl appeared casually, playing with the knife she had caught.
Her blue hair seemed especially vivid against the contrast of the night. An exotic foreign outfit that exposed her lightly tanned complexion.
Bright red lips were shaped seductively in a smile of mockery.
"Sjora Kahn--"
Lily groaned in her throat.
The Theocracy's princess gave off an atmosphere with an inexplicable sense of dissonance.
(...What is this?)
There was a bone-chilling sense of intimidating presence.
(...I am feeling afraid?)
The witch was not like this previously.
Although she was unpleasant, she never gave off such an ominous aura.
(What on earth...)
The witch walked over to the edge of the tower and looked at the burning flames afar. Jeering, she said:
"Looks like that little lass has no idea how to use Valaraukar properly."
"What are you talking about--"
"Watch carefully and quietly. I shall show you the real way to use that thing."
Sjora raised her hand lightly and drew a magic circle in the air with her finger.
"...!"
Lily's eyes widened in shock.
It was a complicated three-dimensional magic circle -- primitive magic once used in ancient times.
"--Awaken, ghosts imprisoned in the city of demons. Hereby revive from flames of conflagration."
Immediately--
The demon flame spirit roared again just as it was about to exhaust its strength.
Just as Rinslet was wondering how long the underground ruins extended until--
"--It's here."
Leading the way in front, the girl suddenly stopped.
Rinslet tilted her head.
"...? This is just a wall."
"These ruins have a number of secret doors protected by magic."
The girl pressed her hand against the wall and murmured something softly.
"...?"
At first, Rinslet thought it was a spirit language incantation but then again, it did not seem like it.
Rinslet had no idea, but this was precisely the High Ancient language that was taught only to high ranking princess maidens.
Very soon, the designs carved on the stone wall glowed with blue-white light. Accompanied by a low rumbling, the wall opened up.
Although there was still a flight of stairs beyond the door, at least a faint source of light could be seen somewhere in there.
These steps really seemed like they would lead to the surface.
(...Looks like fire light, actually.)
An intense blade dance was probably in progress on the surface.
"You can reach outside by continuing along here."
"What about you...?"
"...I already said. I cannot go outside."
The girl displayed a dream-like smile and pointed her finger towards the passageway.
Instantly, with a popping sound -- something resembling a blue-white electrical current burst.
"...!"
The girl frowned due to the pain.
"Why would this..."
"It's okay, after all, I already gave up."
"N-No way, how can this be acceptable!?"
Rinslet held the girl's hand. For her to be imprisoned in a place like this when she had lost her memory and knowledge of her true identity, it was completely unacceptable.
"R-Right! One of my teammates is a princess maiden specializing in ritual magic. If she were here, perhaps she could release the seal that binds you!"
"...Thank you, Miss Princess Maiden of Ice."
However, the girl quietly shook her head.
"Your pancakes were very delicious. Although as a spirit I don't suffer from hunger, I do wish for a tasty treat once in a while."
She smiled once more.
"Miss Spirit..."
Rinslet bit her lip hard.
"Miss Princess Maiden, you are a person with a good heart. Hence I shall make an exception and tell you my name."
"...Name? Didn't you lose your memory?"
"All I remember is my name. --This is my only treasure. Hence I will only tell it to precious friends. Amongst humans, you are the first one."
As if about to reveal a great and important secret, she drew her tiny lips close to Rinslet's ear.
"Iseria--"
"...Eh?"
"Iseria Seaward. That is my name."
"This name, could it really be!?"
Rinslet's eyes widened greatly--
But as soon as the girl withdrew from Rinslet, her figure vanished into the darkness.
ROOOOOOAAAAAAAR--!
The roaring caused the ground to shake.
Amidst howling flames, Valaraukar's gigantic body slowly stood upright.
"Impossible, why would this happen...!?"
Held in Kamito's arms, Muir muttered in shock.
Muir's right arm's Cursed Armament Seal did not react.
In other words, the demon flame spirit was not currently under her control.
"...Has it gone out of control?"
Ellis swiftly released defensive wind magic.
Blowing away the surrounding flames, the flame demon's appearance was fully exposed.
As jet black flames spewed out from all over its body, the demon flame spirit stood up.
The scorching flames charred the dark night, smoking the ground black.
(...Th-That's not right.)
Kamito noticed.
(Those aren't even flames at all...)
Pouring out from the demon flame spirit's gigantic body was--
Lamenting swarms of ghosts.
"...Just what is going on?"
As if answering Kamito's doubts--
"Kamito, the demon flame spirit has been possessed by Forsaken Spirits."
Est spoke up, having returned to human form without him noticing.
"...Possessed? A militarized spirit of that level?"
"Yes. That demon's body is likely possessed by thousands of spirits at least. --With so much hatred and resentment accumulated, no spirit can resist no matter how strong."
"...To have thousands of them!? Why would there be so many spirits--"
"Now that you mention it, Valaraukar did devour massive numbers of that type of spirit."
In response to Ellis' shocked exclamation, Muir replied.
"...Est, is that Valaraukar one of those spirit weapons you mentioned earlier?"
"Yes. Although it is not within my memory, based on the fact that so much resentment from the Forsaken Spirits has gathered, it is very likely true--"
Est nodded lightly.
ROAR, ROOOOAAAAR--!
Black flames swirled intensely. The one-armed demon no longer looked anything similar to its original form.
It currently resembled a seething mass of hatred.
Suddenly, Kamito recalled the image of a monster of darkness.
Nepenthes Lore -- despite the fact that the demon flame spirit standing upright before their eyes was far more massive than that monster, the impression they gave off was surprisingly similar.
"Kamito, we have to get out of this place."
"Yeah."
Hearing Ellis' sharp call, Kamito nodded in response.
Carrying Muir in his arms like this, he turned back.
"...!"
He suddenly halted in his steps.
Without them noticing, innumerable swarms of ghosts had gathered in the surroundings.
"This is terrible..."
Perhaps they had resonated with the resentment released by Valaraukar and gathered here.
"Breaking through is impossible, right..."
After all, contamination resulted from mere contact and severely depleted divine power.
Even if a break in the encirclement could be opened up for an instant, it was still quite hard to find their way when the density of spirits was so high.
In their current state with Muir incapacitated, Kamito did not dare do anything rashly.
...Come to think of it, flying in the air would be even more dangerous.
If one were to be dragged into that darkness, there would be no coming back alive.
"Ellis--"
Kamito turned towards her.
"W-What!? W-Why are you suddenly staring at me like that...!"
"I entrust Muir to you. I will go defeat that demon flame spirit."
"Wha..."
Kamito gently laid down Muir from his arms.
"...Can you stand on your own yet?"
"What does Onii-sama take Muir for?"
Tossing her ash-gray hair, Muir shyly averted her gaze.
"Furthermore, Muir does not need the protection of that busty Onee-chan over there. Even without a spirit to command, Muir has no trouble protecting herself."
"...Ooh, th-this has nothing to do with chest size, okay!?"
"--Say, this isn't really the time for leisurely chatting."
Kamito turned towards the demon flame spirit.
The black flames spewing out from Valaraukar burned even more intensely
...Burning to this extent, it was only a matter of time now.
"--Est, I am relying on you. Please lend your power to me again."
"Yes, Kamito. But--"
Despite nodding, Est still gazed at Kamito with a worried expression.
...Kamito knew very well what Est wanted to say.
Currently, his right arm was hurting intensely. The muscles in his entire body were screaming.
The anti-spirit technique of the Absolute Blade Arts, the Bursting Blossom Spiral Blade Dance, had exploited his body to the limit.
This move was only supposed to be used roughly once a day at most.
Furthermore, it was a skill meant to be used when dual wielding.
Using it one-handed caused even greater strain on the body.
(Am I able to use it one more time...?)
Kamito clenched his right fist.
Otherwise, there is--
(--The Absolute Blade Art's secret technique, Last Strike.)
Inherited from Greyworth, the strongest sword skill that could even defeat the Bursting Blossom Spiral Blade Dance.
However--
(...No good. That is a countering sword skill for use against an elementalist. It won't work against that demon flame spirit.)
Besides, Kamito still had not learned that secret technique completely.
Trying to use it here was far too risky.
"Do you want to use Flight magic to get close and decide the battle in one strike?"
Faced with Ellis' suggestion, Kamito shook his head.
Ellis aside, Kamito had no ability to control Flight magic.
Although rushing over in a straight line was possible, doing that will surely result in getting struck down by that flaming whip.
"But there is no way to approach the demon flame spirit from the ground."
"..."
--Indeed.
The black flames surrounding Valaraukar were burning intensely.
As soon as he touched those flames, Kamito's body would be contaminated and he would no longer be able to sustain Est.
"What should I do--"
Suddenly, at this moment.
Filled with an aura of disaster, Valaraukar's eyes focused on them.
GROOOOOOOWWWWWL...!
Accompanied by a sound of spiteful resentment that sounded like it came from underground, its mouth glowed with the color of intense scorching heat--
"--It's coming!"
Just as Kamito yelled out.
A heat beam was shot.
Mere protective magic of wind was nowhere enough to defend against the overwhelming raging torrent of flame.
"...Get down!"
In a hurry, Kamito wrapped his arms around the three girls and jumped, pushing them all to the ground. Although it was not too effective, at least it was better than being bathed in flames.
"Freezing fangs of ice, go forth and pierce -- Freezing Arrow!"
Numerous arrows of ice flew in from afar, striking the heat beam.
A massive explosion occurred before their eyes.
"...Guh!"
The violent wind swept up debris, blowing Kamito's body away.
(...Just now, could that be!?)
Steadying his shaken consciousness, Kamito turned his gaze towards where the arrow was shot from.
"Phew, what perfect timing!"
--Over there.
On top of the collapsed ruins was a lovely lady with long platinum-blonde hair fluttering in the wind.
Her hand was holding an elegant shining arrow of ice.
Her pose was the very image of a valkyrie from paintings.
"...Rinslet!?"
Kamito yelled with his eyes staring wide open.
"Where on earth did she appear from!?"
The surrounding area was supposed to be heavily surrounded by swarming Forsaken Spirits.
"Hmph, I was thinking I could finally leave those underground ruins, only to discover a sea of flames after getting out, and even got chased by these inexplicable spirits, I've had enough of all this!"
Rinslet snarled angrily with her hand at her waist.
"I-I see..."
...Apparently she had suffered in various ways in some place Kamito had no idea of.
--However, let's put that aside for now.
(With this, we finally have a chance for victory...)
"Kamito!" "Onii-sama!"
From amongst the rubble, Ellis and Muir crawled out.
"Seriously, w-why did you have to overextend yourself like that!?"
"...Sigh, Onii-sama is always like that."
Ellis pouted while Muir sighed.
"Now that we have converged with Rinslet, perhaps we have a chance."
"Hmm..."
Hearing that, Ellis turned her gaze over towards Rinslet.
She was currently breaking up swarms of ghosts using her bow and walking over here.
"It's just one person more. Nothing's going to change."
Muir frowned in exasperation, but--
"That's not correct."
Kamito shook his head.
"Increasing from two to three people raises our team's power to a whole different level. Our Team Scarlet, that's the kind of team we've got."
"--Indeed."
Ellis readied Ray Hawk.
"Kamito, put your hand--"
Standing beside her, Kamito held Est's hand once more.
"Let's go, Est. Once again, please lend me your power."
—The Dispassionate Queen of Steel, the sacred sword that destroys evil!
—Now form a sword of steel and be the power in my hand!
As the release of the elemental waffe was chanted, Est's figure instantly dissipated into the air as particles of light--
The Demon Slayer -- Terminus Est appeared in Kamito's right hand.
"Huff, huff... Kamito-san!"
Rinslet arrived, out of breath.
"We're going to end this in one strike, okay?"
"Yes!" "My thoughts exactly!"
Ellis and Rinslet nodded simultaneously.
Valaraukar roared and prepared to fire off another heat beam.
"--I won't let you succeed!"
Instantly, Kamito kicked the ground and sprinted.
Wielding the Demon Slayer horizontally, he charged towards the roaring black flames.
"Rinslet, we will open up a path!"
"Understood!"
Rinslet readied her bow elemental waffe and stretched the bowstring to its max.
Softly chanting a spirit language incantation, she infused the maximum amount of divine power into the arrow.

--Capable of piercing the scales of dragons, O Sword of Sagacity!
--Now turn into endless blades to vanquish mine enemy!

This was a high level magic skill for multiplying the power of Freezing Arrow at the cost of a longer activation time.
The same instant Rinslet released the arrow--
Innumerable shining blades of ice rained down upon the black flames.
At the same time, Ellis also swung Ray Hawk.

--Rampaging demonic wind, you are the one who covets severity, you are the embodiment of absolute tyranny!
--In accordance with your greed, sweep away mine enemies!

As a rumbling vortex formed, a great howling tempest rampaged.
" "O Winds of Ice, perform a dance of madness -- Ice Storm!" "
This was a combination magic skill that made use of the mutual interaction of ice and wind attributes.
Strong gales infused with cold air instantly froze the black flames, shattering them -- !
"Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!"
Kamito rushed forward head on.
He poured all his divine power into the Demon Slayer, causing it to flash with silver-white radiance.
This was the only chance.
But it was enough.
The decisive opportunity created by the two girls was definitely not going to be wasted.
Kamito took a flying leap and landed on the giant body of Valaraukar that was akin to lava.
From the knee to its arm, then from its arm to its shoulder -- and finally from the shoulder to its head, Kamito leaped three dimensionally.
As he slashed apart the black flames and lamenting ghosts spewing forth from its body--
"--I'm sorry but you'll have to rest in peace this time."
Kamito whispered in midair.
Then--
"Absolute Blade Arts, Destructive Form -- Bursting Blossom Spiral Blade Dance - Twenty-One Consecutive Strikes!"
Unleashing the Absolute Blade Arts, the demon flame spirit was smashed to complete pulverization.
“Haa, haa…”
—Kamito and the others had fought with Valaraukar, and at that moment.
Fianna felt a strange sense of uneasiness, and went towards the heart of the abandoned city Megidoa.
Her perception at times like this was often right. She, who held unparalleled talent as a princess maiden, would never neglect her intuition.
(It’ll be good if this was just needless anxiety…)
She was running on a path covered by countless trees and shrubs in the darkness of the night, and at that moment.
“Kyaa!”
Suddenly, something small came flying in front of her.
The instant she stopped her footsteps, she ended up tripping and falling over. Unfortunately, she did not happen to have the reflexes like her female teammates.
“Ouch… W-What…?”
While she rubbed her twisted foot, she looked up and—
“Meow…”
“…Scarlet!?”
What was there was Claire’s hell cat spirit.
She noticed that it somewhat seemed smaller than usual.
…It might have been exhausting its power.
“…Why are you here? Could it be that Claire is near here?”
Fianna asked in rapid succession.
However, Scarlet turned around, and instantly disappeared into the rows of ruins.
“W-Wait…!”
Fianna stood up in a fluster.
Her twisted foot hurt, but now wasn’t the time for that.
Finally, she might have discovered the whereabouts of her teammates.
Chasing after Scarlet’s swinging tail, she ran on the pathway, and finally exited at an opened-up area, where large amount of rubble had accumulated.
“This is…!?”
Fianna widely opened her dim-colored eyes.
The sight expanded before her eyes, that was—
The ground had been gouged out in a big way into the shape of a bowl. There were flames blazing everywhere.
The historic ruins in the surroundings melted into something like lava, and no longer contain their original shape.
…Just how extra-high of heat did it basked in to end up like this?
“What happened here?”
She muttered in a daze, at that time.
“…Hn…”
She heard a gasping-like groan coming from somewhere.
“…!?”
Fianna looked around in a fluster.
Then, she saw Scarlet’s tail swaying at the other side of a crumpled wall.
She hurriedly went around to the other side of the wall.
“…Claire!?”
She discovered Claire lying dead tired at the wall.
“Claire, hey, get yourself together!”
“...Hn…Uu…”
It seemed like her consciousness was hazy and it also seemed like she didn’t noticed Fianna.
Seemingly worried, the hell cat spirit was going in circles around her.
Upon taking a spirit crystal from her uniform pocket, Fianna pressed it onto Claire's chest.
The sacred light, possessing healing powers, faintly shone.
"Claire, it's me. ...Can you speak?"
"...Hn... Fia...nna...?"
Within the empty ruby eyes of hers, a small flame of consciousness lit.
"What on earth happened?"
"...Quickly, the demon sword... to... Kamito..."
"...Demon sword?"
Fianna frowned dubiously.
Then, Claire placed her shaky hand behind her back, and took out one sword.
"...! Don't tell me, this is..."
It was a familiar demon sword of darkness. ...Even its appearance was subtly different, but there wasn't a doubt, it was Ren Ashbell's elemental waffe, the Vorpal Sword.
"Claire, why do you have...?"
Fianna asked back, and at that moment.
"I should have had already warned you not to appear in front of me again, Fianna Ray Ordesia."
"...!"
In an instant, her heart was grabbed by that voice.
"..."
She calmly gulped.
While feeling cold sweat spouting out from her whole body, Fianna turned around.
There was a crimson flame violently blazing.
She appeared from within that flame.
She had glamorous long black hair and a deep-crimson-red mask that was like scraped out of a burning flame.
She wore a military uniform of the Theocracy, and her body was clad in sparks fluttering down.
Leader of Team Inferno. Strongest Blade Dancer—Ren Ashbell.
...No. Fianna already knew her true identity.
(Rubia-sama...)
She had been secretly maneuvering in the shadows so far, so why did she show herself at this timing?
—Her motive was obvious.
(...The Darkness Queen.)
Fianna stood up to protect Claire who had fallen.
"...I will not hand over Claire."
She knew it was a futile resistance.
Nevertheless, she couldn't leave Claire, who was vaguely conscious, behind and escape.
"—Don't interfere. You'll understand it one day."
"Rubia-sama, I don't understand what beliefs you have. However, if you're going to hurt my friends—I'll... stop you!"
Agilely drawing a magic formation in the air, she summoned Georgios.
Instantly unsheathing its sword, the knight spirit rushed at her.
"It's futile. Your resolution will never reach me."
—The flames throbbed. There was a flame that was clearly different from the surrounding flames, a freezing blue flame.
The moment that flame touched its armor, the whole body of the knight spirit collapsed instantly.
"...!"
The overwhelming difference in power was displayed.
Ren Ashbell was clad in the freezing flame, and her black hair was violently fluttering.
"—Your time is up. I shall welcome the Darkness Queen into my hands."
Then, she—
Removed the deep-crimson mask that concealed her face.
*Crack* The mask landed on the ground and broke.
"...!"
Fianna was petrified at that spot and couldn't move.
She had extremely beautiful eyes of ruby that harbored blazing flames.
The glamorous black hair that was a trait of Ren Ashbell gently flared up.
As if the flames were painting over the darkness—
That was the color of her hair during the time she was once called the Fire Queen.
Elstein red.
At that time—
"...U...g..."
"...!"
There was a groaning voice from behind.
"Claire, no—!"
"...Nee...sama?"
Within her hazy consciousness, Claire muttered, seemingly puzzled.
Both pairs of flame-harboring ruby eyes met, and then—
"Now, let's end everything."
Rubia Elstein opened her mouth.
"—It's time for the awakening of the Demon King."
--You have finally called out my name, Master.

I am truly thankful to everyone who bought this book!
I hereby present to you, Seirei Tsukai no Blade Dance's ninth installment, "Cross Fire."

--Defeat Ren Ashbell.
Bearing Greyworth's entrusted wish in his heart, Kamito stepped onto the stage of the final round. Engaging in a blade dance of the night with the beauties in his team, what lies in wait for him in his peak condition of readiness--?
Thick with conspiracies, the Blade Dance festival. The intense clash of weaponry, sounding out loud.
Then there is the encounter between the demon sword of darkness and the hell cat girl -- the strongest flames awaken!
Although the previous "Night Before the Finale" was centered on love comedy, this time we begin the final round at last, hence this volume is filled with battles. The main attraction of this volume is the rare teamwork combination between so-and-so and so-and-so. Also, we finally reach the scene for XXXXXX's awakening. With Sakura Hanpei-sensei's color illustration, it can even be described as the most intense and unforgettable scene.
As is customary, here some acknowledgements.
First of all Sakura Hanpei-sensei has once again drawn super cute and super cool illustrations. Rubia-oneesama on the cover truly gives me shivers. Whenever the beautiful illustrations are delivered to me, I can't help but dance with delight. I am truly grateful.
As always, we have Umeda Natsuno-sensei's adorable chibi characters. I always look forward to the color page of the table of contents.
Currently serializing the manga version of Seirei Tsukai no Blade Dance on Comic Alive is Hyoujyu Issei-sensei. High quality battle scenes, brisk developments, attractive performances -- every time he draws a creation that far surpasses expectations. I am truly thankful. Summed up in one word: Excellent. To readers who have only read the original novel, please do try the manga.
Also, there is Shouji-sama who was responsible for the Seirei series ever since its earliest stages, supporting the work with an editor's burning soul. Thanks to Shouji-san's efforts all along. I am really thankful for the past two years. In the breaking of new ground, I look forward to your performance like a cheetah sprinting across the vast savannah (*meaning the way you always dress in a leopard print coat).
Starting from this volume, there is Narita-sama who started taking on the role of the one in charge. Let all of us of the Seirei team try our best to make this work an even greater success!
And of course, the greatest thanks goes to all the readers who have supported this series all along. The comments returned through the surveys have really really given me great encouragement.

Well then, because the afterword this time is quite long, so I'd like to announce the results of the popularity poll ending with the Volume 8 mobile phone survey. durarararara(sound effects)--
Number 10 is the ace of the Four Gods, Shao Fu. She appeared in a Chinese-style dress in a Volume 8 illustration. Foremost in strength and forthright character amongst the Four Gods, was that the secret to her popularity? Number 9 is Rinslet Laurenfrost the highborn lady. The number one bride equipped with all sorts of domestic skills. Number 8 is Claire Rouge. Even compared to the members of the team, she shoulders an especially heavy burden of a past, will she one day recover her original smile...? Number 7 is Kazehaya Kamito. Leaving a deep impression with his maid look and being ordered around by Greyworth in Volume 8... Or rather, his cuteness has already reached heroine levels. Number 6 is the expressionless fourteen-year-old, Milla Bassett. Who could have expected her to become a maid in her first appearance? Writing the parts about the Milla & Mireille combo was quite enjoyable. Number 5 is Fianna Ray Ordesia Her Highness the imperial princess. In Volume 8 while stalking the date, she became Dark Fianna at one point. She is the type whose popularity slowly rises. Number 4 is Ellis Fahrengart. Clearly a serious captain of the knights, but full of dangerous aura when she goes out of control, is that a mistaken impression? Also, her breasts are huge.
......Although Number 1 has a substantial lead on Numbers 2 and 3, in actual fact the difference from 4 to 9 is quite small. Anyway, now for the countdown of the top three!
Number 3 is the darkness spirit Restia. There was a time when she gave Est a run for her money, but because she had too few appearances in Volume 8, she has now slipped to Number 3. Will she display her power as the legal wife(?) in the future?
Number 2 turns out surprisingly to be someone who jumped from outside tenth place, the dragon knight Leonora Lancaster. I am quite surprised even as the author. Strong, cute, not wearing something -- bearing these three major elements, she will be a strong competitor for Team Scarlet.
And Number 1 is the Unmovable Queen, kneesocks spirit Est. Although she lost the top spot to Ellis once when Volume 3 was released, she has maintained supremacy ever since. Truly magnificent.
The QR code for the popularity poll and cellphone survey is found in the lower left corner. If you have comments, please send them together as well. The author and Sakura Hanpei-sensei are very happy to receive them!
--In any case, we finally reach a climax in the Blade Dance Festival arc for the next volume.
Let us meet again in the tenth installment, "The Awakening of the Demon King (tentative)"!

Shimizu Yuu, October 2012
Nice to meet you and welcome back. This is Sakura Hanpei!
Rubia finally makes her appearance in the illustrations!
In actual fact, I racked my brain when drawing her. I had no idea how to get a grasp on her expression...
She seems like a character without any smile at all... It was truly a challenge! I must work harder and practice more...
With that kind of feeling, Seirei Tsukai has brought all sorts of developments...!
What will happen in the next volume... Or perhaps, what exactly is Rubia's goal? I really want to know! Shimizu-sensei, is the content for Volume 10 ready yet...!? (desperate)
Next volume's cover will be a new experiment! (Should be...!)
If everyone looks forward to it, I will be very happy!
This time in the Seirei team, whether Shimizu-sensei, Narita-san the one in charge, or me, we all caught a cold and got sick... Everyone should take better care!
(Narita-san, Shimizu-sensei, I am realy sorry... OTL)
Well then, let's meet again next volume~!

2012.xx 桜はんぺん
A girl was running through a forest in Astral Zero, full of many twisted trees lined up in rows.
Her shoes had long since slipped off, and the soles of her bare feet were covered with injuries.
Since her long black hair had been done up at both sides of her long-sleeved, extravagant, yet courteous attire, she did not run smoothly.
From behind her, the violent sounds of many trees being mowed down were approaching.
Being caught up was just a matter of time.
(Why did such a thing—)
The girl was invited to view the Blade Dance as the guest of honor of the Ordesia Empire.
Although being called the guest of honor, she was invited as an extra for an excuse.
Falling out of the candidacy of «Divine Ritual Institute»— the Queens’ training organization, she was the imperial family's excess baggage.
She had nothing special other than the title of former second princess and the fact that she was just a mere thirteen year-old girl.
Her noble colleagues, who by right should have pledged allegiance to the imperial family, were sending her looks of contempt.
Even the retainer court ladies were ridiculing her behind her back.
A worthless lost queen—
It was painful for her to be at the match venue since she would be exposed to a lot of people's gazes.
That match with Ren Ashbell, which she wanted to see, was held later on in the afternoon and, even if she was gone, there was no one who would be particularly worried.
Therefore, she came to the middle of a forest like this, all alone.
Without knowing how dreadful this place; the forest of Astral Zero, could be.
Approaching her from behind, Dryada tree spirit[1] let out a dreadful roar.
Naturally, the Dryad had the temperament of a docile spirit. Perhaps, it might be angry because she had stepped on and broken the twigs in the forest.
(It's no good, if this keeps up—)
She could not get away— realizing that, she prepared herself.
She stopped at that place, turned around and firmly glared at the Dryad.
"Y...You, if you are my knight, then simply go and beat it—"
Shouting with a shaky voice, she began to recite the summoning spell to summon her contracted spirit.
——Thou servant of the king of the child of man, knight and master swordsman!
——By the contract of the old blood, become the sword that protects me, come forth and do my bidding!
The spirit seal, engraved on the girl's chest, emitted a faint radiance—
However, that was all it did.
Suddenly, the path with her contracted spirit was severed and the seal's radiance vanished.
(...! I thought so, it's already hopeless, I—)
Despair surfaced on the girl's face.
The Dryad let out a roar and swung its log-like arm—
At that moment, a blinding light flashed.
"Eh?"
The girl opened her eyes reflexively.
That Dryad's log-like arm had clearly vanished from her sight.
It was as if time had stopped.
From the cross-section of the severed tree, something like a black fog was emitting out.
And then *Don* there was a sound of someone landing on the ground.
Before the girl's eyes, a single boy was standing.
He had black hair and wore a black vest with a pair of navy blue trousers.
The boy was grasping a jet-black demon sword that emitted black fog.
"Stay still there, it's dangerous."
He told her bluntly and turned toward the spirit before him.
That Dryad, who had its arm cut off, roared in anger and attacked the boy.
As it swung down its other arm, the girl reflexively covered her eyes.
However...
"It isn't going to work on me though, I'm sorry."
The boy was stopping the blow that came from that Dryad with all its might, single-handedly, with one sword.
And then— he exhaled and kicked off the ground at the same time.
With all his strength, he cut off its arm and hit its torso very hard with the center of the sword.
It was a single blow. With merely a single blow, the spirit, which prided itself on its strength, was brought down and became motionless.
"Maybe I overdid it a little. Although, it was my intention to not injure it as much as possible."
"..."
The girl was dumbfounded and the boy turned around.
If she were to describe him, she would call him slender and handsome.
His eyes were so clear that, he could be easily mistaken for a girl of about the same age.
At that very moment, he did not seem like a person who had brought a spirit in the blink of an eye.
Then, the girl suddenly realized.
(Eh? This person, it's like I have seen him somewhere—)
The girl tilted her head to the side.
"Err, are you alright? Do you have any injuries?"
The boy asked in a calm voice.
"Ye...Yeah, I'm fine. You have my gratitude for saving me."
"Is that so... that's good."
The boy took a breath in relief, put down the jet-black demon sword and came walking toward her.
At that moment—
"Ah...!"
The jet-black demon sword emitted black fog— the girl realized its significance and her face turned pale.
That was it. A sword that cuts up spirits could not be an ordinary sword.
(That's an elemental waffe!? But, why—)
Then, the girl finally realized.
She surely had a recollection of the boy's face.
"N...No way...why..."
She should have seen him before. After all, this boy—
"...?"
Seeing the girl's expression stiffen, the boy paused in his steps, puzzled.
And then, as if he realized something, his eyes widened.
"Gua... Damn it! Ahhh!"
He covered his face with both hands and shouted.
Facing a boy like that, the girl pointed out her index finger.
"Why is Ren Ashbell-sama a boy?"
"Gu..."
The girl stared at the boy, who was trying to catch his breath, with a stern look.
She understood that she was saying something unthinkable.
After all, the boy in front of her had short hair and his chest was completely flat.
No matter how anyone looked at him, he was a boy.
(But I am not mistaken—)
The boy's face was similar to the Blade Dancer's, who was currently winning throughout the tournament because of her overwhelming strength.
Without a doubt, it was the face of that person— Ren Ashbell!
(Besides, that sword—)
The jet-black demon sword that was grasped in the boy's hand. That darkness-attribute elemental waffe— «Vorpal Swordthe sword that pierces truth» and her companion, which, in the past, had brought down many of her opponents.
And then, above all else, there was that sword skill, which was displayed when he, with merely one blow, brought down the raging spirit.
"Ah, this is, err, how do I put it ..."
The boy was attempting to deceive her frantically and hastily.
"Wh...What to do, Restia!"
"I don't care. Even if you're not in the middle of a match, I had always been warning you to be in female clothing."
"But I didn't think that there would be people in the middle of such a forest!"
"Nevertheless, since it was a cute girl, you went to save her without thinking."
"I...It's not like that!"
The boy was, for some reason, sneakily talking with the jet-black demon sword that was held in his hand.
The girl's head was in a complete chaos. She was also surprised that the true identity of Ren Ashbell was a boy because, to begin with, it was hard for her to believe in the existence of a male elementalist.
Those who could contract a spirit were only pure maidens— that was the common sense taught to her from the «Divine Ritual Institute» from when she was young. Speaking of a male elementalist, there was nothing that came to mind, but that legendary Demon King, Solomon.
(This tournament's favorite, the famous Ren Ashbell-sama, is actually a boy—)
If that became known, the scandal would be so big, that it would affect the Blade Dance greatly.
Scratching his hair as if giving up, the boy gazed at the girl in resignation.
"Er...err, erm, there are circumstances to this. So, I am a boy but, without asking anything, could you keep this a secret from everyone?"
Receiving his troubled and pleading look, the girl felt her chest throbbing spontaneously.
(Eerr, what do I do...)
Honestly, the girl was bewildered. The blade dancer, whom she admired, was a boy— even if she suddenly said such a thing, there was no way that anyone could comprehend it immediately.
Besides, though her throne inheritance rights had been erased, she was still the second princess of the Ordesia Empire and a pure princess maiden of the «Divine Ritual Institute». Was it alright for her to overlook this fact which would desecrate the «Blade Dance»?
"..."
However, when she saw that boy's troubled face—
"...I understand."
Unintentionally, she nodded.
"I won't tell anyone, I won't ask anything. You are the one who saved my life."
Even if her true identity was a boy, Ren Ashbell was still her admired blade dancer.
Her Blade Dance gave the girl, who was always depressed since that day, the courage. That understanding would not change. Besides, there was also the fact, that he had saved her life.
To give a reward to a Knight's meritorious service was the imperial family's precept.
"T...Thank you! You saved me some trouble!"
The boy took a breath of relief.
"You're quite a simple person. It's just a verbal promise."
"Yeah, but you don't look like a girl who would break a promise."
"..."
Facing such straightforward words, the girl's cheeks were dyed slightly red.
(Wh...Why is my chest beating so fast...)
"I'll escort you to the forest's exit, since Astral Zero's forests are dangerous."
"Th...Thank you..."
"Your shoes... they seemed to have slipped off. Come on, hold on to my back."
The boy noticed that the girl's feet were covered in injuries and helped her climb up his back.
"Er...Erm, my breasts are touching your back."
Embarrassed, the girl whispered at the side of his ear.
"Yeah?"
"N...Nothing..."
With her cheeks dyed red, the girl quickly turned her face away.
In the middle of a dim forest, while listening to the sounds of them stepping on the fallen leaves, the girl inquired.
"Hey, why did you go so far as to fake being a girl and participate in the «Blade Dance»?"
"..."
After a moment of silence—
"Because, I have a «Wish» I want to be granted."
The boy answered that with a serious expression.
A «Wish»— A miracle of the Elemental Lords that was bestowed upon the victor of the blade dance.
At that moment, those words that the boy spoke of brought about an insight in the girl's mind.
(I see, if it's for the Blade Dance «Wish», even my power...)
After coming to a place near the match area, the girl was gently let off from his back.
"After this, you'll have to return by yourself. Because I will be having my next match."
"Yeah, Thank you. Err..."
"Uh huh?"
"Tell me your name."
"My name?"
"Ren Ashbell is an alias, right? That's not it, your real name."
"..."
After he hesitated for a while—
"It's Kamito. Kazehaya Kamito."
"Kazehaya Kamito."
It had a strange and mysterious sound. The girl muttered that name as her tongue rolled.
"Well, err... could we meet again? Kamito."
"Eh? Ye...Yeah, once the Blade Dance finishes—"
"—Is that so. It's a promise, Kamito."

—After that, in seven days, Ren Ashbell held the title of the Strongest Blade Dancer.
However, the girl never met him again.
Because he, who should have been granted his «Wish», suddenly disappeared.
"U...h..."
Areishia Spirit Academy, Raven Class dormitory.
In a room, illuminated by the morning sun, Kazehaya Kamito woke up.
(Hn, If I remember correctly, there will be a team battle in the morning.)
Usually, he would enjoy a bit more time dozing off, however, today he could not do so.
He had enough of being late and getting lectured by the teacher, Freya.
Planning to fold the sheets and get up, he reached out both hands, only to—
*Funyuu*.
Feel them touch something soft.
(What is this? It's small, tender... a little cold, but feels good.)
*Funyuu*. *Funyuu*.
Half awake, he played with the mysterious soft thing within the palms of his hands, when-
"You finally woke up, Kamito."
"..."
A voice made him freeze.
A beautiful, nude girl was sitting on his chest.
Her silver hair glittered in the morning sun. Her tight bare skin was white like milk.
She was small, but had all the necessary curves. The girl's figure was ideal.
She looked at Kamito with her mysterious violet eyes, her face expressionless.
"What's the matter? You're not going to play with my breasts anymore?"
"... Owaaaaa!"
Kamito straightened flustered and pointed at the beautiful girl before him,
"Wh...Wh...What are you doing!? Or rather why are you nude?!"
"I'm not nude, I'm properly wearing knee socks."
Straddling Kamito's abdomen she raised her knees to show him.
Startled by that, mysteriously erotic, action, Kamito looked away flustered.
"No, that's worse! Because compared to nude, knee socks nude is even, err, ...that!"
"Do you want me to take off my knee socks? Kamito... pervert."
While staying expressionless the beautiful silver haired girl bashfully rubbed her knees.
He did not understand why she reacted like that but, somehow, for this spirit, showing her bare feet seemed more embarrassing.
Yes. This snow fairy like beautiful girl was not human.
She was the Sword Spirit Est.
'She was an extremely powerful 'Sealed Spirit' that made a spirit contract with Kamito a few days ago.
But in her current condition, she could not exhibit even around a tenth of her original strength.
Within his sub consciousness, Kamito was rejecting the spirit contract with her and as a result, she became unable to return to Astral Zero where her real form was.
"A...Anyway, move aside Est!"
"Roger, Kamito."
Although Est seemed a little dissatisfied, she obediently moved.
She was squirming on the sheet. ...The sensation of her soft thighs was bad for his heart.
While scratching his bed hair in relief, Kamito finally got up and at that moment...
*Chuu*.
"...!?"
It was a perfect surprise attack.
Despite that noticing that he was kissed, it lasted several seconds.
The sensation of her soft lips gently separating turned his cheeks red hot.
"You... Wh...What are you doing all of a sudden?!"
"A wake up kiss, Kamito."
Est answered expressionlessly.
"Why do such—"

"Because it's unfair you only kissed Claire. Is it that you don't want to do it with me?"
Hearing Est's blaming tone, Kamito softened his voice.
"You s...saw, didn't you? ...That."
"Yes. Because, at that moment, I was also there."
"...Ah, come to think of it, that is right."
Kamito immediately recalled that moment and sighed heavily.
A week ago, that time when he fought the frenzied militarized spirit in Academy Town.
Est was certainly there— in the form of a sword of his elemental waffe.
It seemed that the moment, when Claire kissed the exhausted, due to the loss of energy, boy to wake him up, was being observed.
It was certain that it awakened him in one shot, however... now that he thought about it, it was also extremely embarrassing.
"I heard that a kiss is an official ritual of a spirit contract. In that case, Est too."
Est gently brushed her silver hair hanging by her cheeks.
She closed her eyes, pouted slightly pitifully her cherry-blossom colored lips and slowly brought her face near him.
"So, why did it turn out like this?"
"It's only natural and it’s within my rights. After all, I'm Kamito's contracted spirit."
"...!"
Although she was an extremely strong Sealed Spirit, whose power, was at the moment concealed, Est's current appearance was that of an ordinary cute girl.
After being approached like this, Kamito thought that it couldn't be helped that his heart was beating faster.
"He...Hey, Est..."
"Please close your eyes, master."
Est brought her face closer in one motion. Their noses were almost touching now and he could smell her sweat scent and feel the tickle of her breath.
Just before her rose bud like lips were about to touch his...
"Kamito, there's a team battle this morning, so be sure to make breakfast more luxurious than—"
"...!"
*Bam!* The bathroom door was slammed opened and there—
"Wh...Wh...Wh...Wh..."
A beautiful red-haired girl stood. Her ruby-colored eyes were wide open as she took in the scene before her.
The girl’s body was wrapped in a bath towel which hugged her gentle curves tightly.
There was white steam rising from her, slightly cherry blossom colored after being washed, skin.
Her breasts were definitely of a child's size, but these small mounds were also plenty charming.
From the tips of her soaking wet red hair, drops of water were falling onto the floor.
On the bed, before her was nude… no, knee sock nude Est.
That is when time froze.
"Claire... Y...You're mistaken, this is...!"
It was that moment when the flustered boy stood up and tried to explain.
*Gogogogogogo...!*
"Wh...What are you doing, you perverted sex maniac——!"
"Guoo!"
A leather whip, used for training animals, came flying all of a sudden and landed a clean hit on his chin.
Kamito wrapped the bed sheets around his body as he fell to the floor.
"I...I've misjudged you, you licentious brute, beast!"
While holding onto the bath towel with one hand, the girl approached briskly the boy, squirming on the floor, and forcefully trampled on his head with the heel of her bare foot.
Claire Rouge.
She was his classmate and, by some twist of fate, Kamito was tied to her by a master-servant contract.
At least she had a ridiculously cute face and was a beautiful girl. She had however… an extremely brutal personality.
"Wh...What-What were you doing? Hey, just now, what were you doing with that Sword Spirit?"
*Pishii, pishii, pishiii!*
"Hey, wait, stop ... guoo!"
It was a tempest of whips that relentlessly swung downwards. Her bristled red hair was just like blazing flames.
And during this constant onslaught of devastating whip blows…
Kamito noticed something. He had wound up noticing something.
"Wa...Wait...Claire, isn't that bad?"
And then, as he had wound up noticing it, he had to voice it out. For her own sake.
By the way, when it was about things like this, Kamito turned into a strangely honest and blunt person.
"...? What?"
Her clear ruby colored pupils sternly looked down on Kamito.
"Erm, this angle ... is err, very revealing."
"Eh?"
Claire blinked as she had her foot on Kamito's head.
That is when she finally realized it.
Kamito lay on the floor, with her foot on his head, and through the opening of her towel he could see her exposed tight.
"...!"
Claire's whole body felt hot from embarrassment.
She fixed her bath towel in a fluster and her shoulders slightly trembled.
"Y...Y...You, you!"
*Gogogogogogogogogo...!*
"Wa...Wait, this is a misunderstanding, relax! Err…I didn’t see all the way inside!"
It seemed like Kamito's frantic excuse—
"..."
Backfired.
"...Oh, I understand."
Claire informed him with a shuddering voice.
"After this, I'll give you two choices. You better answer honestly."
Kamito swallowed nervously and nodded continuously.
Here, he should choose his answer carefully. Depending on his reply, it was not unlikely that he would become cinders.
"About your cooking preferences, would you prefer medium? Or well-done?"
...Things like choices did not exist from the beginning.
"I...If possible, rare is good but..."
Just as Kamito gave his answer.
"Scarlet!"
From an empty space, a hell cat, clad in crimson flames, appeared.
"Roast huh, it's decided then."
It was after those words, said with a smile that promised nothing but painful death and a fascinated expression on her face that—
Spontaneously, a flashy explosion resounded in Raven Class dormitory.

Areishia Spirit Academy.
Princess maidens from all over the empire gathered at this training school and learned how to become proper elementalists.
Its vast territory included the «Spirit Forest» and the Academy Town. The academy also had residential teachers who possessed strength equal to that of the imperial capital's spirit knights. It was just like an independent small country.
At the same time the morning mist cleared up and the bell of lectures commencing sounded, there was a particular one-horse carriage visiting the academy.
Its coachman, an old butler in a suit, got down from the horse in front of the gate and opened the door of the carriage in a respectful manner.
"We have arrived, Fianna-sama."
"Thank you for your efforts, old man."
Coming out of the carriage was a beautiful girl about fifteen, sixteen years old.
Her glossy black hair fluttered in the gentle breeze. Her cold looking eyes emitted a strong will. Her clear white skin could be compared to the virgin snow of the area of Laurenfrost and her uniform designed as a black dress was gorgeous.
The girl, called Fianna, alighted from the carriage and looked up at the building of the Academy. The sight of the school dazzled her.
"This is Areishia Spirit Academy. The place where elementalists from all over the empire gather."
"Please be very careful, Fianna-sama. It’s impossible to fool the eyes of that Dusk Witch with poor tricks."
"I understand."
With a nod, the girl gently grasped a spirit crystal, concealed by the sleeve of her uniform.
In the empire's currency, it was a good-for-nothing article of 20 million rood.
"Rubia Elstein's sister seems to be in this academy."
"Princess, that name is a taboo. You better not say it here."
"That’s right."
The Calamity Queen, who once brought about an unprecedented great disaster to the empire.
As a taboo, that person's true name was even prohibited from being spoken.
It was said that just by muttering that name a pure girl's sacred nature would be tainted.
She considered it to be a ridiculous superstition. Nevertheless, the people, who saw her up close in the past, felt that there was a slice of accuracy in those words. They believed in the jinx.
(...That's right. The truth is, the fear of her has yet to affect me.)
The girl cleared her throat, then she lowered her voice and whispered.
"Besides, I am also concerned about the elementalist called Kazehaya Kamito."
"Hmm, is it that male elementalist? There was a talk, that a few days ago he defeated a frenzied militarized spirit in Academy Town."
"Yes, based on all the eye-witnesses' words, it seemed to be a splendid blade dance of close resemblance to that of the strongest blade dancer — Ren Ashbell."
Fianna's voice became lively as she got a little excited.
The old butler gave her a stern look for that.
"Princess, don't tell me, you fell in love with that boy"
"Fe...fell in love...!?"
Fianna's voice trembled from embarrassment. Her cheeks turned red.
"Th...that can't be it, right? After all, I have never met him before... it's just that I have an interest in what kind of person this male elementalist is."
It was a lie.
The male elementalist, who defeated the frenzied militarized spirit in Academy Town.
The moment Fianna heard that boy's name, she immediately realized.
It was him.
Three years ago, that boy, who had saved her in the forest of Astral Zero.
Despite promising to meet again, it was unknown why he disappeared after the Blade Dance.
(—However, I finally found him.)
When she heard the report on that day, Fianna decided to enter the Areishia Spirit Academy.
If that boy announced his candidacy to the Blade Dance again—
For her that was a once in lifetime opportunity.
"Kamito, I'll forgive you for breaking our promise."
Fianna glared at the school building of the academy and an impish smile surfaced.
"However, I'm not letting you escape again♪"
About eight minutes have passed since the start of the match.
In a deep forest, which was enshrouded in a light purple mist, two shadows were moving fast.
"Claire, watch the thicket on the left. There's an ambush."
"How do you know?"
"Intuition, if it was me, I would ambush from over there—"
At that moment, just as Kamito suspected, bluish-white lightning bullets were fired from the left thicket.
"Tch—"
Kamito kicked the ground and accelerated. He jumped in front of Claire and deflected the lightning bullets shot at the speed of sound with his sword.
It was not a feat that could be achieved with just an ordinary blade. Endowed with spirit magic resistance ability, the elemental waffe of sword spirit Est— «Terminus Est», made all the magic attacks ineffective.
"Claire!"
Before Kamito shouted, Claire was already on her target. The wind played with her red hair and below her fluttering skirt, a leather whip holder could be seen.
While she placed her foot on a tree branch and dodged the rain of fired lightning bullets, she released her elemental waffe— «Flame Tongue».
There was a sharp swinging, cutting sound. The Flame Tongue, which could cut up everything, easily sliced through rows of standing trees.
From the middle of the grove of trees that became almost bare in a moment, a thunder elementalist girl appeared.
She had her eyes hidden under her forelocks which made her look a little gloomy.
There was a cluster of bluish-white lightning bullets floating beside her.
It was not a high ranking spirit like Est or Scarlet. It was a low ranking spirit that could only keep an indeterminate form, however, it was plenty helpful as a battery to use spirit magic.
It seemed that that girl's role was a disturbance by means of support fire.
"Humph, a sniper who shows herself is the same as a turtle coming up on land."
Claire thrust her whip in a declaration of victory. With the thunder spirit right behind her, the girl sniper ran towards the middle of the forest in a worried manner—
"You're not getting away! Scarlet, chase her!"
At the same time Claire shouted, the elemental waffe Flame Tongue transformed into the form of a hellcat, clad in flames.
Because of being possessed by the frenzy spirit, Scarlet was once the size of a kitten, however, now it had recovered fully. Its form was of a lovely cat, but its strength was certainly of a roaring fierce lion.
The surging crimson flames attacked the thunder elementalist girl.
However, that scorching heat, which by right should melt even rocks, did not even burn a single place of the girl's body.
That was because the battle field was situated in Astral Zero, which the academy used for practice matches.
It was another world and spirits lived there.
In the real world, spirits had to change into an embodiment of physical strength, but here they could be used as an embodiment of pure divine power.
In other words, it almost completely reduced the physical damage to the body.
Nonetheless, it did not mean that shocks, pain and so forth disappeared, a consequence was that an equal damage would be delivered to the mind instead; for example, if one was torn up by Scarlet's claws, he would certainly faint and become unable to battle.
While carbonizing many trees of the forest, Scarlet was chasing closely behind the girl. However, the elementalist seemed to be considerably more accustomed to the terrain and prepared for battle and while distracting it with spirit magic, she was quickly making her escape deep into the forest.
"Erghh, stay still!"
Losing her temper, Claire jumped down to the ground from the gap between the trees.
"Since it came to this, I'll blow everything together with my strongest spirit magic."
"Wait, Claire, the ground looks weird—"
Kamito shouted, and at that moment, a large quantity of earth and sand exploded from under Claire's feet.
"Wh...!?"
Appearing from underground were gigantic crustacean pincers.
"Negligence is one's greatest enemy, Claire Rouge of Raven Class!"
From inside the sand that was raising up and the large hole that opened in the ground, the carapace armor of countless protuberances flew out.
It was a type of elemental waffe that covered the whole body in armor.
Claire was blown off by that blast and has fallen to the ground. The spirit attacked using earth and sand and the impact left the body substantially damaged.
"Claire!"
Before Kamito came running to her, the carapace elementalist was already in pursuit. This was not a coincidental attack. They were scrupulously aiming for the moment when Claire went down onto the ground.
"Eat this, the elemental waffe of the carapace spirit «Kuraste»— «Breaker Arm»."
"—Guu! Flames, dance in my hand, dance!"
The fallen Claire released countless fireballs from her hand.
However, the armor type elemental waffe plunged right through the barrage of flames.
"Ha, the flame attribute isn't effective against the carapace spirit. Didn't you learn that during the lecture?"
*Gaa*— A shoulder-tackle by the carapace armor blew Claire away.
Kamito kicked the ground and quickly turned around. Holding Est in a reverse grip, he stopped Claire's body that came flying at him, embracing the girl tightly.
"U...gh..."
Claire let out in a languid voice from his arms.
It seemed that the recent attack had greatly drained her divine power; however, she still looked to be conscious.
(Just before the crash, she released the fireballs at the ground and destroyed her opponent's stance. As expected of her.)
"Hey, are you alright?"
"Y...yea... Eh... y...you, what are you doing!"
Suddenly, Claire's face turned red.
Claire's petite body was being held in such a manner that her back and knees were supported by both his hands.
It was what was called being carried like a princess.
"Fua... Id...idiot... qu...quickly put me down!"
"He..hey, don't struggle! You'll fall!"
"Shut up! Shut up! Quickly put me down——!"
Boka. Boka. Boka. Boka.
Claire started striking Kamito's chest while being carried like a princess. This somehow made her look like a small, cute animal.
"Are you worried about me? You don't have to, you know. You're pretty light."
"Is th...that... because my chest is flat?"
"No, I didn’t say such a thing. I just thought that you're cute like a small animal."
"...! Cu...cute..."
She looked downwards with a red face and Kamito let her down with a relieved sigh.
The carapace elementalist had already disappeared. It seemed that, because Claire was defeated in the recent attack, she was waiting for another chance for a surprise assault. As opposed to her outward appearance, she was the cautious type.
From deep within the forest, Scarlet, who was supposed to be chasing the thunder elementalist, returned.
They did not seem to have suffered any injuries, but it looked like they let their prey escape.
"That thunder elementalist purposely showed herself to us."
"Yea, when I got down onto the ground while chasing her, that carapace armor stopped me with a surprise attack. We have suffered thoroughly from their good teamwork."
Annoyed, Claire lashed at the ground with her whip.
"As expected of a team of the cunning Wolverine Class."
"It's not that they're particularly cunning or anything, considering their fellow spirits' compatibility, it was an obvious strategy."
Kamito said with a shrug and Claire sullenly shut her mouth.
"However, it's strange that they aren't coming to chase us. I know that they're being cautious but— still."
"That's right. From the beginning, that thunder elementalist's movement could only be seen as stalling for time."
Astral Zero's forest was quieting down.
He couldn't feel their presence at all, not from the surrounding thickets, nor from the underground.
(With this time stalling, do they have some sort of plan?)
"I want to send out a scout to search for the enemy, but..."
"If that was possible, I'd have already done it."
At any rate, there were three people remaining in the opposing team. They on the other hand had just two. Depending on the situation, it could be that one person had to fight either two or three people. In a one-on-one battle, both Kamito and Claire would not be defeated. However, if they were caught and taken on by more than two coordinated fighters, winning would be substantially more difficult.
Also, even in the case of a one-on-one battle, the fellow spirits' strength and weakness had to be considered. In an actual battle one should also remember the matter of compatibility when the attributes of a spirit were more effective than an elementalist's ability.
"—Seems like you're having a tough battle, Kazehaya Kamito."
Suddenly, from behind, a voice sounded.
Kamito turned around and saw how a black figure quickly appeared from inside of the shadow on the ground.
The black figure very quickly took on the form of an adult woman.
She had glossy long black hair and the glasses she was wearing gave her a very intellectual appearance.
She had on cuff-long white robe on top of her suit, that beautiful lady was—
"Teacher Freya?"
Raven Class's homeroom teacher and this match's inspector, Freya Grandol.
Thanks to her contracted spirit's ability, she was able to travel through shadows—
"Is that alright? To appear in the middle of the match."
"What, there's no problem with giving poor-scoring students advice."
Freya suddenly smiled and pushed up her glasses.
"Although, the team you're currently facing is of a superior ranking, so you’ll obviously have a tough battle. Based on individual strength, you two are nigh on unreachable, but your team strength is lacking. ...By the way, why were you injured before the match?"
"This morning, I was roasted."
He glared at Claire beside him with scorn; in response she quickly averted her eyes.
"In the first place, though, I think it is strange to have a five-to-two match ."
Despite the fact they only had two people; the team they were facing had five people. They had already defeated two, but the sniper thunder elementalist, the hand-to-hand-fighting type carapace elementalist and then the last person, who had yet to show herself, were remaining.
"Did you know? The fact that your team only has two people is bad. You can't qualify for entry in this round's «Blade Dance» without a five-member team. What do you plan to do?"
"We'll find people before the deadline. We don't really need to have all five members to be high level elementalists. After all, my plan is for I, alone, and— this slave spirit to win through this."
Claire muttered unintelligibly and Freya glared at her with a serious face.
"You had better not take group battles lightly, Claire Rouge. You are certainly a strong elementalist, but even so you absolutely can't beat a coordinated team."
After that, she turned towards Kamito,
"Do you know chess?"
"Greyworth forcefully made me her playing partner. However, I had never won."
"The queen is certainly a strong piece. In a one-on-one battle, there are hardly times when it will lose. However, depending on the situation, it is also possible for it to be taken down by a pawn, which is the weakest piece on the desk."
"I know about that."
"But you do not understand it. Your fighting method feels...awfully isolated."
Without responding, Kamito shut his mouth.
The boy, who was once called— the strongest blade dancer. He, who was raised as an assassin at that mad «Instructional School» had never experienced fighting alongside his comrades.
Creeping to the target's back and cutting its throat— that was his original fighting method.
On a whim of the Elemental Lords, the Blade Dance's regulation was changed every time it was held.
The Blade Dance, fifteen years ago, was a battle royale.
The one three years ago, was an individual elimination match.
This time however it was a team competition.
Honestly, he didn't think that his teamwork with Claire was turning out well.
And the three-year long blank period was for him, as an elementalist, a fatal flaw.
He also had a contracted spirit, who could not exhibit even a tenth of her strength yet.
There were many factors that had to be overcome.
"Claire Rouge, you too. You do not understand what it means to fight in a team."
"I'm always alone. T...this guy is just a slave spirit..."
"Oh dear, you two have many difficulties in store for you."
Teacher Freya sighed and disappeared into the shadow again.
"...Hmm, because of that just now, two minutes have been used up. There are about five minutes remaining."
As it was, if they did not reach a conclusion soon, both team's inter-school rank would drop.
It will affect this two, who were still of low rank, greatly.
—Then, the hell cat, snuggling at the side of Claire's feet, let out a roar.
"Hey, Scarlet is saying something."
"Yeah, the forest looks strange. The wild animals are stirring up.
Claire was frowning with a serious face for some reason—
"There—"
She suddenly faced the forest and fired a fire attribute spirit magic.
It was a fireball— a high ranking spirit magic that would reduce a target to ashes with ultra-hot flames.
The red hot flames licked the ground and the forest near it was reduced to ashes.
With the rising black smoke, a boorish figure appeared standing in a relaxed manner.
"Well, what a frightening ojou-sama."
The girl wore the carapace armor of her elemental waffe over her body.
Despite receiving a direct hit of the fireball, she did not have a single burn mark.
"This is unexpected... you came out for a fairly fight. Have you already given up on a surprise attack?"
"Our roles have ended. The leader's preparations have been completed."
"Preparations?"
Claire and Kamito frowned simultaneously.
From the direction the black smoke was rising up—
"Huh....?" "What... is that!?"
A gigantic timber-scaffolding was put together.
While its structure was simple, it was without a doubt a splendid shrine.
And top of it a small girl, wearing the academy uniform, was dancing. It looked like she was carrying some kind of a ritual.
The girl had beautiful platinum-blonde hair held by a wooden cane.
"Our brethren, now is the time, hand down the iron hammer to the forest devastators!"
From the top of the gigantic scaffolding, she faced their side and thrust the cane with a snap.
"Wh...what's going on, that girl ... when did she manage to make a shrine that big!?"
"We were preparing it from the last night to have it ready for today's match."
The carapace elementalist girl proudly held up her pincers.
...Indeed, if it was with that spirit's power, it should be possible to make the shrine in a night.
"I...it's unfair, that thing! A ritual Kagura!"
"Uh-huh, it isn't unfair! Without a large-scale ritual, I can't call out my contracted spirit!"
The girl, who was on top of the scaffolding and holding a cane, shouted.
"Shut up, children should stay silent!"
"Unh, what do you mean by children, isn't your chest small too?"
"What... did you say?"
Pakii! The sound of a twig being stepped on and broken resounded. Claire's red hair was bristling up like a blazing flame.
"The family of Druid ..."
Kamito muttered wiping the sweat from his forehead.
They were nobles from the Ordesia Empire. It was a family of ancient honorable elementalists, which had lived in the spirit forest since before the foundation of the empire and succeeded the blood relationship of the princess maidens with their original methods.
"That girl's spirit is a little special, summoning takes time."
"I see, so that was the reason you were stalling..."
The ground was violently shaking. The flames of the torches, lighting the area surrounding the shrine, were thunderously burning up.
...He felt tremendous pressure. What that girl was trying to use was an outrageously powerful spirit. It was likely that it roughly matched the giant military spirit they fought the other day.
"—I won't let you. Scarlet!"
Claire released Scarlet as its elemental waffe, Flame Tongue, and hit the ground very hard.
"Kamito, I'll hold her back. You go destroy that shrine."
"Got it!"
Kamito nodded and ran with the silver-glittering «Terminus Est» in his hand.
As an elementalist, Claire was a genius.
Although the compatibility of hers and carapace spirit worked against her, in a one-on-one battle, she would not lose.
There was a considerable distance till the shrine, but with Kamito's speed, he should make it in time.
"...!?"
Suddenly the ground in front of him burst open.
From within the thicket, spirit magic lightning bullets were fired.
It was the thunder spirit girl. Naturally, Kamito had also predicted that an ambush was hidden in the forest.
However—
"Toryaaaaaa!"
"Wha...!?"
This was unexpected. —The elementalist herself came interfering.
It was impossible to ignore. Kamito stopped and turned around.
(I'll stun her in one strike—)
He nimbly evaded her attack and aimed the handle of the sword at her stomach—
At that moment, an intense flash blinded him.
The thunder spirit, the girl was using, blew itself up in front of him.
The rain of the intense lightning attack assaulted Kamito. Sharp pain and then numbness ran throughout his whole body.
It wasn’t strong enough to incapacitate him. However, he was, for a while, stunned.
Before his eyes recovered, the girl, also caught in the explosion, fainted and had therefore been defeated.
(That girl aimed for a tie from the start...)
It was a strategy unsuited for individual battles, but when working in a team, it was a good way to achieve victory.
Her duty was to stop him for a while. And in that she had succeeded.
"We're done for..."
"Come, tyrant governor! Thou, beast king of the destruction army that grinds and smashes everything!"
On top of the shrine, the forest girl aimed the cane to the sky and recited the majestic summoning.
The ritual has been completed.
"...Its name is beast swarm spirit «Cernunnos»!"
From everywhere in the forest, a countless number of roars could be heard.
That Druid girl was calling the beasts that were living in Astral Zero.
"The beast swarm spirit... a spirit of vast possession range type!"
It was the same as the frenzy spirit that drove Claire's Scarlet, the militarized spirit and many others mad, a type that could possess targets from a longer distance.
*Dodododododododododoo!*
The group of beasts, which were controlled by the swarm spirit, made the earth tremble when they came charging.
"Be...Because they aren't spirits, if they were trampled, they would die. Normally."
"I...If it's the handling of animals, I too will not lose!"
*Pishi!* *Pishi!* Claire, who defeated the carapace elementalist, swang her whip.
"Give it up, Claire, it's our loss."
"—The match is over."
Teacher Freya, who appeared quickly like a shadow, blew into the whistle announcing the end of the match.

"Mugugug..."
Claire Rouge was stuffing a cream bun down her throat.
It was a sight unusual for her, who took it as a creed— that nobles are always elegant.
"Don't binge, you'll get fat you know."
Kamito glared with his eyes half-opened and Claire struck the table in frustration.
"But, but, urggggh!"
"Claire. That's my jam bun."
Est protested calmly.
They were at a salon café inside the academy.
From the opened terrace, soft daylight was shining in.
The three of them were sitting at a round table near a window and having a slightly late lunch.
Inside the bamboo basket, placed right in the middle of that table, was a pile of jam, melon, sausage and many other different kinds of buns.
Any student could use the café and on top of that the freshly baked buns were free. Coffee and black tea also had free refills.
There was also an eatery in the academy, but because it charged a fee equal to a high-class restaurant in the imperial capital, neither Kamito, who was not even a noble, nor Claire, who had her fortune and territory confiscated, could afford it.
"Our team ranking dropped again."
Claire laid, prostrated, on the table and groaned.
"It can't be helped. We were matched up with a superior team. "
"That may be true... but strength-wise, we are definitively better than them."
Claire gnawed her lip. Although they were at a disadvantage in numbers, she seemed to be unable to come to terms with losing to lower rank opponents.
It was certain that as elementalists they were superior.
The reason they lost was their inability to execute proper coordination with each other. Claire overestimated her strength and chased her enemies too far in, and Kamito too could not rely on her in a dire situation.
It was not possible to win with just the queen piece— in other words, their situation was something like that.
"Despite that it's not the time to be stumbling about now..."
There was a reason Claire was impatient to the point like she was binge eating the buns.
The regulations of the Blade Dance held in two months were different from the individual battles three years ago, if they didn’t put together a five-member team, they wouldn’t be able to take part in it. In addition, only the top three teams decided by the inter-school competition could participate from Areishia Spirit Academy.
Kamito, who started attending the school just a while ago, had no achievements that could raise his ranking.
To raise it, one had to win a formal practice match like the one from this morning or complete a task assigned by the academy; however, he had done neither.
Defeating the giant spirit the other day, dueling with Sylphid Knights captain Ellis Fahrengart or even battling the frenzied demon spirit, those were all informal battles and did not reflect on the rankings.
On the other hand, Claire, who should have towered above the rest and been superior as an elementalist—
Had shockingly the lowest results in the class.
There could be only one reason for that. It was because she was doing every mission alone.
She failed when she attempted the missions that should be originally completed by a team and she was defeated when she challenged upper classmen alone in a championship match. As long as she did such a thing, no matter how strong she was, there was no way her ranking could raise.
There was a reason Claire was isolated from the rest of the academy.
Rubia Elstein.
Four years ago, while she had the position of Queen serving the fire Elemental Lord, she betrayed him, disappeared, and brought about an unprecedented great disaster to the empire. Because of that others started calling her The Calamity Queen.
As her younger sister, Claire was looked at with contempt and fear by the majority of the academy students.
Claire's reason for participating in the Blade Dance was to restore the Elstein family name and —above all else— to find out the truth regarding her elder sister Rubia Elstein.
—It's not the time to be stumbling about now.
Blood-oozing emotions filled Claire's rough words.
"For now, we should also find comrades quickly. I understood it during this morning's match. If we stay as we are now, we not only won't be able to win the Blade Dance, but wouldn't even get into the top three ranks, which is required for the participation."
The boy, called the strongest blade dancer three years ago, accepted his greatest weakness honestly.
At first, he just came to the academy due to Greyworth's request, but now he clearly had a reason to regain his strength from three years ago.
Darkness Spirit Restia—his former contracted spirit.
That reason was to take her back with his own hands.
The girl who, for the first time, brought light to Kamito's life, which was shrouded in darkness before.
And also the girl who gave a heartbroken Claire the frenzy spirit and tried to drive the giant spirit mad in the middle of the town.
He met her again, but she was vastly different from the one Kamito once knew.
—What on earth happened to her?
So, for the sake of knowing that, he absolutely had to meet the participation requirements for the Blade Dance.
"Kamito, what's wrong? You're making such a serious face."
"Did you forget to put sugar into your coffee?"
Claire and Est peered at his face with a worried look.
"No, sorry, it's just..."
"By any chance, is it about your former contracted spirit?"
She was surprisingly sharp at times like this.
Kamito quickly averted his eyes from the ruby pupils that peered in his own.
"...Well… Fine. But tell me everything when you feel like it."
Claire did not try to pry deeper. Despite her arrogance, there were, occasionally, times when she showed consideration.
"...Ah, I understand."
Kamito nodded when-.
"Ah, everyone, having lunch?"
A cool but elegant voice was heard.
The boy turned around. And there—
A magnificent, platinum-blonde haired and beautiful girl was standing.
Her very appearance was of a noble ojou-sama.
Her milky white skin was smooth like silk and her emerald eyes locked a faint glow in them.
The way she brushed her hair aside with one hand at her side looked strangely good.
Rinslet Laurenfrost.
She attended the Raven Class, just as Kamito and was Claire's self-proclaimed rival.
Due to her rivalry with Claire, she was trying to make Kamito her manservant. She was a troubling ojou-sama.
Right beside her was—
"Fufu, what a delicious smell."
A girl dressed in a maid uniform. She had a gentle smile on her lips as she stood there.
She was wearing a long skirt with a lot of neat frills attached. Her hair was cut into short bobs and she had a lovely white brim on her head.
She was Rinslet's personal maid, Carol.
Kamito didn’t know why there was a maid in the academy, but she was the only one he saw here. So, it would certainly have been an exception made for the Laurenfrost family.
"...Why did you come here, Rinslet?"
Claire swallowed her bun and sternly glared at the blond.
"I just happened to pass by. What a very simple lunch you have, just buns."
Rinslet swiped her hair over her shoulder and looked down on the three of them calmly.
"Milady is saying that she wants to eat together with everyone."
"Wh... Carol, what are you talking about!"
*Poka!* *Poka!* Rinslet's face turned bright red as she started hitting Carol's shoulders.
As expected of her exclusive maid, it was a magnificent interpretation.
"Sit down both of you. You came all the way here after all, so let's eat together."
Kamito suggested only to have Claire step on his foot hard.
"Ouch, what are you doing?!"
"Nothing? I just thought you lack loyalty...Idiot."
"I...it's n...not like I particularly want to eat together with you all!"
"Milady is saying it'll be nice to sit next to Kamito."
"Carol!"
Carol soothed the embarrassed girl and got her to settle down.
Rinslet, sat next to Kamito and averted her eyes as she asked.
"...H...How are your injuries?"
"Ah, they’ve mostly healed. All thanks to the healing spirit."
It was about the injury he got from the time he fought the giant spirit. Probably because he overdid it, it'll take a little longer to heal than he thought, but as expected, the academy spirit's medical care was excellent.
"Fufu, Milady has been constantly worrying about Kamito-sama."
"Carol, d...don't say anything unnecessary!"
Rinslet snapped with a grinding noise.
"However, it is also natural that Milady would be worried. After all, Kamito-sama is under one roof with Milady Claire, so it wouldn't be odd if something were to happen.
"Wha...What are you saying, you stupid maid! There's no way such things would happen."
This time it was Claire who snapped.
"...What kind of worry is that?"
Est was munching on a melon bun and beside her Kamito just sighed wearily at their antics.
This was how Rinslet and Carol ended up having lunch together.
Even Claire, who appeared upset at the beginning, eventually started talking about this morning's match. Then about which stores cake was more delicious, how boring the introduction lection about the foundation of spirit learning was, and just like that, normal girl-like conversations were beginning to bloom.
Somehow these two were on pretty good terms. It was especially surprising for Claire, who was isolated from the rest of her peers at the academy. It could be said that Rinslet was her only friend.
"That reminds me; it seems that a newly admitted student is joining the Raven Class."
"Our class? Despite the fact that Kamito just came in recently?"
"Yeah, I hear it's a daughter of noble of high social standing."
"Hmm, but even if we're talking about social status in this academy, there's the Fahrengart family and the Laurenfrost family... Isn't it like a bargain sale of nobles?"
"Hey! Would you please not lump the militaristic Fahrengart family with the true pedigree Laurenfrost family?"
"I don't care about such things... What's wrong, Kamito?"
At any rate, Raven Class was famous for gathering the most troublesome students.
He just thought that if people like Claire and Rinlset were to increase in numbers, it would be... worrisome.
"In the practical skill entrance examination that took place in the morning, she seemed to be using a holy spirit."
The maid, Carol, pulled out a memo from her cleavage.
Carol's maid memo pad— aka «Carol's Notes», was stuffed with data on the academy students and teachers... Kamito did not understand clearly what on earth she used it for.
"Hmm, a holy spirit user?..."
The holy spirit was one of the five grand element spirits, but there were not that many elementalists who used it.
It was extremely prideful and chose its own user.
Among princess maidens, it was said that it only opens its heart to especially pure noble girls.
(Even in the competition three years ago, a holy spirit user gave me a tough fight...)
After all, a holy spirit had an extremely bad compatibility with the darkness spirit Kamito was contracted with.
But then again, at that time, Kamito's strength completely surpassed the opponent elementalist's, that was why he did not lose.
"Ah, by the way, it seems like it's a very lovely big-breasted girl."
"Carol, from where on earth did you procure such information?"
"Ah, Kamito-san, are you interested?"
Carol placed her hand near her mouth and smiled.
"Hmm, you are very concerned about the information of a big-breasted admitted student, huh?"
"Eh?"
Gogogogogogogo......!
Kamito turned around and Claire raised her eyebrows glaring at him.
"Really, men are just idiots!"
"Kamito, do you have no distinction? Are you just a beast without reason?"
Somehow, even Rinslet and Est were glaring—
Gyuuuuuuuuu!
Kamito's cheeks were pinched by the three of them.
(This is unreasonable...)
After various things happened, the lunch of buns ended and it was time to rest.
"Ahh, that reminds me—"
Ahem! Rinslet cleared her throat and said,
"Have you gathered members for your team for the Blade Dance ?"
"...N...not yet."
Claire shook her head in shame.
Rinslet smiled, it seemed she already knew that answer.
"Ah, you still have not? It seems I’ve touched a sore spot."
Fufun! She held up her tea cup in an elegant maner.
Claire sullenly responded.
"It's just that there isn't a person who matches up to our desired skill level. What about you? Have you decided on your members?"
"Tha...that's ... I just have not found a person who matches with my skill level!"
"Eh? Rinslet, you couldn't gather anyone either?"
Kamito tilted his head to the side.
As one who used the demon ice spirit «Fenrir», Rinslet was about on par with Claire, ability-wise.
He thought that if it was her, she would be highly sought after but...
"Fo...for now, there isn't, for now!"
Rinslet's face reddened and she quickly turned away.
"Kamito-san, Milady—"
"Uh huh?"
Carol tugged Kamito's sleeves as she came to his side, telling him the reasons in his ear.
"The truth is... *mumbling*..."
"Hmm..."
According to Carol's words—
It seemed that although she had tried gathering a team several times, so far, the ideals she demanded from her members were too high and her excessively big pride didn't help things go smoothly either. The teams she gathered repeatedly broke up and so, there were no students left to invite.
...How should he say it, it was indeed a Rinslet-like reason.
"Hmm, her pride is certainly high but... she is a good girl, regardless."
"That's right..."
Carol earnestly nodded.
"Carol, what are you talking about with Kamito-san!?"
"It was about the order in which Milady washes her body in the bath."
"Carol!"
Glancing at the playful ojou-sama and her maid, Claire sighed deeply.
"Haa... I wonder if there's really no one... An excellent elementalist who will enter our team."
"...We...well, you seem to be in a dire situation."
Ahem.
Rinslet coughed and looked at Claire with one eye.
"That's right. I better try approaching the newly admitted student you just mentioned. Perhaps I’ll get lucky."
"That is right. However, there might be an even better member for the team and she might be unexpectedly close."
Ahem. Ahem.
...Kamito finally realized.
(Ahh, I see. So that's the reason she brought up the subject of the team.)
"Hey, Claire, give me just a minute—"
"What? Faa, do..don't suddenly breathe into my ear."
"What are you turning red for? Lend me your ear for a while and listen."
Kamito whispered into Claire's ear in a quiet voice.
"For some reason, this ojou-sama obviously wants to join us as a comrade but are you against it?"
"Absolutely against it."
Claire immediately replied.
"Why? Rinslet's is more than adequate with her battle strength."
"That's... even I recognize her strength. However, no. We suffered in the duel with Ellis a while ago, didn't we? Because she didn’t even think the slightest about teamwork."
"Well, wh..."
It was certain that in the duel with Ellis' group the other day, despite being a sniper, she was standing in the most conspicuous place for some reason and was knocked down in the very beginning.
"Be...besides, Rinslet ... about you ..."
"Hn? Did you say something?"
"I..it's nothing, at any rate, it's a no! No Rinslet!"
"Err, this goes without saying, but isn't she somewhat pitiful?"
"Wh...what are you two sneakily talking about?!"
While twirling the front of her platinum blonde hair with her index finger, Rinslet was staring at them with a fidgety, nervous expression.
"Wh...?"
"......"
Claire groaned seemingly unhappy.
"...I got it. I'll try asking for the time being."
She sighed deeply and nodded. There were two months remaining till the opening of the Blade Dance. She might have reconsidered and accepted that it wasn't the time to be making a fuss about her desires anymore.
"Hey, Rinslet."
"Wh...what is it, Claire Rouge?"
Rinslet tensed and her voice sounded slightly excited.
"You wouldn't, by any chance, want to enter my team?"
"Id...idiot, you're asking too bluntly!"
Kamito shouted in a soft voice.
Asking Rinslet, who was a highly prideful girl, in such a way—
Rinslet's finger, which was twirling a lock of her hair stopped.
"Hm, if you think about what you suddenly said—"
She placed her hand at her waist and pointed at Claire in a thrust.
"Aren't you the ones who want to join my team?"
"Huh?"
Claire's eyebrows sternly lifted up.
"What are you saying? Are you an idiot? You'll join my team!"
"Rejected, rejected, rejected. You two will join my team!"
The two ojou-sama started quarreling about something trivial.
...They completely wouldn't see eye to eye.
"Either way is the same, right..."
Kamito retorted,
"It's completely different!" "It is completely different!"
They shouted together. Only at a time like this were their breaths in sync.
"...Uhm, these two are hopeless, it would be absolutely impossible for them to be a team."
"Really, can't you guys keep quiet? This is a public place!"
A cold voice resounded in the salon café.
Everybody turned around—
At the entrance, a ponytailed beautiful girl, wearing light armor, was standing.
"Ellis!"
Claire sullenly groaned. ...Another hindrance came. She had an expression saying that.
Ellis Fahrengart.
The captain of the Sylphid Knights, who observed the academy's public morals.
She was charming in appearance which was completely opposite to her strict personality. Her relationship with Claire's group, which normally caused problems, seemed to be mutually bad.
Although, it did not mean that she was such a hard-to-deal-with person to Kamito.
At first, when he entered into the academy, just because he was a male elementalist, she was prejudiced against him, but she had already remorsefully apologized to him regarding that matter.
Even if there were times she was a little too serious she was a straightforward person, who held a strong belief for their own case. He could respect that part of her that held the pride of a knight.
Ellis walked, briskly, towards their table.
"Captain-sama, what business do you have with us?"
"If it's about the duel, I'll accept a rematch anytime."
Rinslet and Claire, both gained a dangerous glint in their eyes.
On that subject, the duel the other day remained unsettled because of the demon spirit's sudden intrusion.
He wondered if they were going to try to conclude that match again.
(......Spare me. A duel again, no thanks.)
Coming closer, Ellis looked down at Claire with sharp eyes.
"Hmm, I have no problem settling it here and now, Claire Rouge."
"Just what I want."
Ellis drew out her sword and Claire also pulled out her leather whip from under her skirt.
In the tense atmosphere, the girls, who occupied the surrounding tables, stood up rattling.
"Hey, Claire..."
Kamito attempted to stop it—
"Ca-Captain, calm down!"
"Y...you can't draw out a sword here!"
From the café's entrance, two girls run in with flustered looks.
They were wearing the same Knights armor as Ellis.
One was a short haired and boyish and the other a somehow serious looking girl with braided hair.
Kamito immediately recognized them both. They were the Knights he fought in the duel the other day.
If he remembered right, their names were— Rakka, for the one with the short hair, and Reishia, for the one with the braids.
Stopped by her comrades, Ellis sheathed her sword embarrassed.
"...S...Sorry, my Knights followers."
Feeling ashamed, she cleared her throat and apologized to the two girls—
Then she turned towards Kamito.
"Kazehaya Kamito."
"Me?"
Kamito tilted his head to the side, seemingly puzzled. Claire aside, he certainly did not recall doing anything to be kept an eye on by the Knights.
"It seems you lost completely to the Wolverine Class in this morning's match."
"What?! As I thought, you're trying to pick a fight."
Claire stood up with a clank sound.
"That's not it. Th...the truth is Kazehaya Kamito, you—"
Ellis shook her head, and rapidly blushed and bashfully looked down.
"Hn, what's the matter?"
"So, err..."
"Come on, Captain, it is embarrassing so you better say it quickly."
"You're always so resolute but at times like this you are too slow."
Reishia and Rakka were whispering behind Ellis.
"However, such a timid captain is also cute."
"Ahh, it's like that, it's almost like a girl who has fallen in love—"
"D...don't make fun of me! I...I am really not thinking about such an insolent person!"
Ellis shouted with her face turned bright red.
After that she coughed to cover their whispers up.
"It is certain that I've gotten a better opinion of you because of that day's case, but ... that's all. The one I admire is a pure strong female like the Ren AshbellStrongest Blade Dancer. It's most certainly not a boy!"
"..."
With half-opened eyes, Kamito gazed at Ellis, who informed him about that in a cold voice.
(...I'm sorry, your admired female is an illusion.)
"Unh, wh..what's with that look!"
Ellis thrust her sword at the back of Kamito's neck.
"Is it that strange for me to be admiring Ren Ashbell?"
"...N...no, that's not it!"
Kamito panicked and shook his head.
At the event three years ago— the dance of the participant, left a strong impression on the girls of the same generation. Henceforth, many princess maidens, who aimed to become elementalists aspired to be like her.
It seemed that Ellis was not an exception either.
"That's enough, quickly state your business."
"Shut up, I know that!"
After turning and retorting to Claire, Ellis stared at Kamito again.
"Kazehaya Kamito—"
"Wh...what..."
"Err, what I'm saying is, ..."
Ellis seemed nervous as her hand was lightly trembling.
By the way, she didn’t move the sword from his neck, so he couldn’t help but feel his life in danger.
"What I'm saying is... I...I want you!"
"..."
—Silence fell upon the cafe.
Claire and the others, even Rakka and Reshia, were dumbfounded.
For a while, time froze.
"Wh...wh...wh..wh..."
Claire was the first one who opened her mouth.
Her face was bright red and her mouth opened and closed repeatedly.
"...!?"
Ellis widened her eyes, seemingly taken aback and shook her head.
"Th...that's not it… my words… just now… I didn’t mean it!"
"Wh-wh-what other possible meaning could those words have!?"
"I wanted to say, th...that—"
After Ellis took a deep breath,
"Kazehaya Kamito, would you join my team?"
"Eh?"
Kamito did not believe his ears when those unexpected words came out.
(...Ellis and me, a team?)
"What did you say?"
Claire and Rinslet were also staring in wonder.
Rakka and Reshia saw Ellis turn bright red, and were grinning.
"...Wait! Wh-what do you mean?"
"I...I meant just that. Kazehaya Kamito, I welcome you to my team. Because you defeated that militarized spirit, there's nothing to object about with regards to your ability."
Ellis replied fast and quickly averted her eyes, trying not to look at him.
It seemed her true intention was to scout Kamito.
But with a sword held at the back of his neck, rather than being scouted, it looked like he was being threatened.
Ellis' results were straight at the top of class. If Kamito joined this team, in all likelihood his chances to obtain the entry qualifications for the Blade Dance would greatly increase.
However—
"Ellis, I—"
"No way, this is my contracted spirit after all!"
The one who interrupted Kamito's reply with a shout was Claire.
She stood up from the chair and tightly grabbed the sleeves of Kamito's uniform.
"Claire, you..."
Kamito turned around and looked down only for his eyes to met her clear ruby pupils.
Claire's had an anxious look in her eyes.
It was likely that she was not aware of it, but she was staring at him pleadingly.
(I see, she's...)
It seemed that being betrayed by her sister, Rubia, caused a deep wound to her heart.
After being abandoned by someone, it could not be helped that things like that frightened her.
That was why she kept to herself. She could not depend on anyone.
Because she was afraid of being betrayed again—
"..."
Kamito took a sharp breath and scratched his head.
(...Being shown such a face...)
With a wry smile, he gently placed his hand on top of Claire's head.
His reply was obvious from the beginning. She did not have to be worried.
"Ellis, sorry, but I am her contracted spirit. I don't intend to change teams."
"...Kamito!?"
Claire, taken aback, raised her face and widened her eyes.
"...I see."
Ellis tightly bit her lips.
However, the next moment, she had already returned to her cold expression.
"...I understand. I'm sorry for asking something unreasonable so suddenly."
"No, me too ... thank you for inviting me."
Kamito apologized and Ellis was a little bashful.
"I...it's alright. It's solely because you're that sort of person, I—"
"Uh?"
Ellis seemed to have said something, but her voice was so soft he didn't catch it.
"Ahh, you've been rejected."
"It's alright, the captain has us."
"Y...you guys... I...it's not like that!"
Ellis turned bright red and shouted at her two comrades, who were grinning teasingly at her.
"H...hey, Kamito..." Claire said
"Hn?"
While still holding Kamito's uniform sleeve, she tried to shyly say something else.
"What's the matter?"
"...Th...thank...you."
"...? What?"
She told him something, but her voice was too soft, so he could not hear her well.
It was unusual for Claire to be so hesitant.
"S...so... erm..."
And at that moment. Bam! The door opened—
"Is the licentious… no— Kazehaya Kamito here?!"
An academy student came running into the salon café.
She seemed to have come here in a great hurry so she was out of breath.
(Wait, it seems like she was about to say licentious beast just now...)
"I'm here."
Kamito raised his hand and the girl stroked her chest in relief.
"The headmistress is calling for you. So, go over there immediately."
"Greyworth?"

At a corner of the Academy Town that was part of Areishia Spirit Academy…
At a table of a coffee lounge, which greatly stuck out on the outside, a strange set of customers was sitting.
One of them was a black haired girl dressed in a jet-black dress.
Darkness spirit Restia. The perpetrator who caused the militarized spirit from the imperial capital to go mad and brought great damage to Academy Town a week ago.
And the other one was a thin boy with darkish skin and steel-like hard black hair.
He had good looks, but there was something strange about him. It was the pair of red eyes glowing slightly.
The two of them should have drawn a lot of attention, but not only did no one around them pay them any note, it seemed that nobody could even perceive their presence.
"—So, I just have to steal that specific sealed material from the academy's library?"
"Yeah, because of the incident the other day, I am unable to get close to the academy."
"Tch, how troublesome, what do we need such a thing for again?"
The boy spat onto the ground. However, no one found fault in that.
"That thing sleeping in Mine Town is a fairly hard problem. The seal of the highest level Ordesia army spans several layers. With only the releasing ritual, how many months would it take to wake it up—"
"Hmm, the disposed militarized spirit— how are you going to collect that thing?"
"You do not have the qualifications to know her prediction, Jio."
The girl in black clothing gently shook her head. The boy clicked his tongue.
"Because you toyed with the militarized spirit of the imperial capital as you pleased, it became more difficult. Is it an order to steal it?"
"Isn't it fine, I could observe his current strength."
"I guess. Honestly though, I am disappointed. Is that all he can do? I expected more from Ren Ashbell, the strongest blade dancer."
"He has not yet woken up."
"I hope so. Even if I beat that now-cowardly guy, there would be no point in that."
"Ah, you have the confidence you can defeat him?"
"I'll beat him. And then I'll prove it. That this Jio Inzagi is the true successor of the Demon King."
The boy's red lips curved into a smirk. On his whole body, countless numbers of spirit seals started shining.
Just like the demon king Solomon he had— the seals that carried seventy-two spirits.

After that, Kamito, who parted from Claire and the others, made his way towards the headmistress' office immediately.
He knocked and opened the door—
"You're late, for how many seconds do you plan to make this lady wait?"
That was the first thing Greyworth, who was sitting at the office desk, coldly said.
The Dusk Witch — Greyworth Ciel Mais.
Her figure was certainly that of a bewitchingly beautiful woman, but she was originally a spirit knight with a long military service, who had her name entered first on the list of Numbersthe twelve knight commanders.
She had wavy ash-blonde hair. Her gray pupils were shining behind her small pair of glasses.
"Sorry, I heard that you have business with me and no matter what my walking became heavy."
"Hmm, so now you're able to run your rather cheeky mouth, are you? Where did the obedient pure boy from those days go? Really, this thing called the flow of time is cruel."
"You're the only one who doesn't change, Greyworth. Your outward looks as well as your tricky character."
Kamito loathsomely said in disdain.
Greyworth is one of the few people who knew him three years ago.
And she was the perpetrator who called Kamito, who threw away the name Ren AshbellStrongest Blade Dancer, to the academy and attempted to make him participate in the Blade Dance two months later.
She did not tell him the reason for that.
Although, it was often the case that the Dusk Witch worked Kamito hard without telling him anything.
"That's right, you have certainly changed. Compared to three years ago, you've become especially weak. In the practice match a while ago, what was that sorry performance when faced with an opponent of that level? If it was the you from the past, you would have overwhelmingly defeated that one person in under three minutes."
"You were watching? ...As usual your hobbies are bad."
"In such a sorry state, your participation qualifications for the Blade Dance are also doubtful. Or, was it a fluke that you defeated that militarized spirit?"
"That time was—"
Kamito slightly mumbled.
It was not that he defeated it with just his own strength.
Kamito, who had a chance meeting with his changed former contracted spirit and was struck with despair, was given the strength to stand once again by that red haired hellcat girl.
(...!)
Suddenly, the sensation of her soft lips was resurrected in his mind.
To shake it off and cleanse the evil thoughts, Kamito shook his head in a fluster.
"I also think that I'm miserable. I can't even fully use my contracted spirit's power yet."
Kamito dropped his eyes onto his right hand, which was engraved with a spirit seal.
"Is it that you still can't forget your previous woman? How stubborn."
"Don't mess around! For me, Restia isn't like that!"
"On the contrary, getting hotheaded makes it increasingly suspicious. If you like, how about getting a lover or something in this academy? It might even divert a little of the loneliness."
"Lov—"
"Or, are the girls in the academy too childlike? If that's the case... I'm also good."
Greyworth smiled bewitchingly and slightly pushed open her breast area with her fingertips.
He accidentally saw an adult-like, black lacy lingerie in her cleavage.
"D...don't mess around!"
"It's a joke. Hmm, with that tone, it seems that you have not yet reached that level. I've heard rumors that you made a tiny breasted beautiful girl and a naked knee-socks spirit wait upon you and are indulging in an improper harem cohabitation life."
"Guu..."
Trying to refute, Kamito was at a loss for words.
...Looking at it objectively, that was the truth and so it was painful to be unable to deny it.
"Greyworth, did you call me just to tell some worthless jokes?"
"That's right— but, of course, that's not the only thing."
Greyworth creaked her chair and faced the visitor room at the inner side of the room.
"I have a girl I want to introduce to you— okay, come in"
"Okay."
From the inner room, came what sounded like a bell being turned over.
The one who opened the door and appeared was—
A girl who wore a black dresslike uniform, different from the academy's uniform.
It was a beautiful girl, whose beautiful long black hair was impressive, to the extent that he was taken aback.
She had clear black pupils. Without thinking, Kamito was charmed by her neat and clean appearance.
"...Eh?"
The moment his eyes met with hers, she made a puzzled face for some reason.
"Errm, you're ... Kazehaya Kamito-kun?"
While blinking her eyes incessantly, the girl asked.
"Ahh, that's right, however—"
"But my impression is very..."
...It was somewhat strange, but it seemed the girl received a shock.
(Wh...what's with this?)
"But, that's right... he's a boy after all and it's already been three years."
The girl was muttering to herself in a voice that Kamito could not hear.
After that, she looked at Kamito's face again.
"Yes, there's certainly a resemblance, yeah. Besides, this is fine—"
"What's up, Fianna?"
Greyworth called out, seemingly puzzled.
"Ah, s...sorry! Err, this is the first time I've seen a male elementalist!"
The girl called Fianna shook her head in a fluster.
"Erm... who is this girl?"
Kamito faced Greyworth and asked.
Then, the girl, for some reason, made a sullen expression and pouted her lips.
"I knew it, you didn't remember... well, that's fine though."
"She is the recently admitted student who will be entering the same Raven Class as you."
"Admitted student?"
Ah! Kamito nodded. They were talking about it at the café just a while ago.
(This girl is the one...)
Carol was saying that she was a daughter of noble social status, but, in any case, in this academy the ladies of noble social status were all around him, so he did not feel anything special.
(After that, she said that... her breasts were big.)
Without thinking, he glanced towards the dress-like uniform's chest area—
(...Indeed, certainly.)
Kamito consented strangely.
"She is the Ordesia Empire's second princess, her Highness Fianna Ray Ordesia."
"...Ordesia?"
Kamito frowned for a moment—
"No way...!"
His eyes widened in surprise.
In Areishia Spirit Academy, which was an elementalist training organization, many genuine daughters of nobles were enrolled. This was the result of the empire's royalty and nobles continuing the bloodline of elementalists through marriage of convenience that even spanned over several generations.
Naturally, there were also exceptions, but, speaking of elementalists, it was normal for them to be daughters of nobles.
Fahrengart, the head of the military family, and Laurenfrost, with a family history.
Its lands were currently seized, but Claire's Elstein family was also of a noble pedigree.
However, this girl before him was— the second princess of the Ordesia Empire.
She was not even the nobility.
She was what one would call— the real princess.
(Why would the empire's princess be in the academy?)
Daughters born into the Ordesia imperial family should be scheduled to stack up training as Queen candidates, serving the Five Great Elemental Lords, at the Queen training organization, the «Divine Ritual Institute».
In any case, Kamito kept that question in his chest for now and knelt down on the ground on one knee.
"Please pardon my rudeness, your Highness."
It was not that he specifically pledged allegiance to the Ordesia Empire, but the bearing to take before the royalty was harshly driven into him by his former contracted spirit.
However, Fianna quietly shook her head.
"That's alright, we are students of the same academy here. Besides, although I'm called the second princess, I'm the Lost Queen, my social status is already gone."
"The Lost Queen?"
Kamito asked back— then he recalled.
(I see, the empire's second princess!)
He heard about it from rumors.
(If I remember it, the girl was the Queen candidate to serve the Fire Elemental Lord.)
Four years ago, the Fire Queen— Rubia Elstein's absconding happened.
The empire fell into chaos for a moment by the wrath of the Fire Elemental Lord, who learned of her treachery.
For the sake of appeasing the Fire Elemental Lord's anger, the «Divine Ritual Institute» tried to support a second Queen but—
At that time, the empire's second princess should have been supported as the successor to Rubia.
However, she never became Queen. At that time, she declared that she stepped down from the Queen candidacy for some reason and her existence was erased from the imperial family.
The reason that she had rejected to become Queen was not officially announced so far.
Henceforth, the second princess completely disappeared from the center stage.
That Lost Queen meant this girl in front of him?
"It's just as she says. As long as you pass through this academy's gates, no matter what social status the princess maidens have, there is no special treatment. Even a princess, a male elementalist, or the Calamity Queen's sister."
"There you have it, I'm the former princess, but nice to meet you, Kazehaya Kamito-kun."
Fianna smiled and picked up the sides of her skirt with her fingertips, then bowed elegantly.
"A...Ah, nice to meet you—"
Kamito stood up and his expression froze.
"What's the matter?"
"No, err..."
While scratching his face, Kamito looked away.
"?"
Fianna tilted her head to the side.
"Kyaa!"
It seemed she realized that what she was holding up was not a ball dress, but a short length uniform skirt.
Her mature black underwear, weaved with laces, was firmly etched into Kamito's retina.
"Ka...Kamito-kun... pervert."
The former princess' face turned red as she embarrassedly muttered.
"I...I'm sorry..."
"You two, don't flirt and act lovey-dovey in front of my eyes. It's irritating."
Greyworth glared at Kamito, with her eyes filled with bloodlust.
"...I'm sorry. And why did you call for me?"
About this witch. It was probably not just to introduce the admitted student.
(To introduce the empire's princess to me, what is she scheming?)
As if she read Kamito's emotions, the witch pushed up her glasses, seemingly sullen.
"It's regrettable, despite purposely preparing a special quest for your sake."
"A special quest?"
"That's right. It was just nice that I had a quest I wanted to entrust her with, so I wanted your team to accompany her as her guards."
—A quest.
Together with official matches with fellow academy students, it was the system that supported the academy ranking system.
A given quest could set various objectives, from Kagura by a blade dance, the suppression of a rampaging spirit, the excavation and investigation of the sealed spirit, to the subjugation of elementalists gone astray.
By completing the quests that were divided into ranks depending on the danger level, the academy students could raise their team rankings just as they do by winning official matches.
"By the way, this quest's difficulty level is S rank."
"S rank?"
Without thinking, Kamito inquired back.
An S rank quest was the highest difficulty level quest in the academy's ranking.
The amount of ranking points it could net was extraordinary, but it was a dangerous quest that could even result in death, depending on the situation. It should not even be possible to sign up for it with Kamito's current ranking.
"Did you prepare things behind the scenes?"
"Your hearing is bad. I said that I don't practice special treatment. It just means that the ones suitable for this quest are Fianna and you. If you disagree, then I'll spread the word around to other teams."
"..."
It was not a bad deal. On the contrary, looking at Kamito's current team, it was a godsend.
Till the opening of the Blade Dance, there already were only two months left. No, the final examination to decide the top three participating teams would take place even earlier.
With their current pace, they could not possibly make it by the means of regular official matches and quests.
Greyworth was somehow bent on making Kamito participate in the Blade Dance.
But as one would expect, forcing in a representative of the empire through the power of the Academy's headmistress was not possible.
Therefore, she has got the S rank quest, whose danger level was high, and the completion bonus, which was also extremely high.
(If we could complete the quest, that would be it— Huh?)
He was not pleased to move in accordance to Greyworth's expectation, but??
If it was a quest to guard an important person, he had the experience of doing such things several times in the past.
Certainly, it was far better than raising the inter-school ranking steadily through the official matches.
"—I understand. Explain the details of the quest."
"That's the spirit."
Kamito prompted and Greyworth smiled.
"Do you know Mine Town Gado?"
"Gado? Well, I roughly know its name. It is a town with the mine that was abandoned a few decades ago."
Mine Town Gado. It was formerly a town with large spirit crystal mining grounds, but, during the second Ranbal war, spirit crystal deposits were exhausted, and it became a town with a completely abandoned mine.
It should certainly be a ghost town full of ruins nowadays.
"There have been frequent occurrences of strange earthquakes at that mine recently. I want you to go there and investigate that."
"Investigate the earthquakes?"
For the academy to bring in an investigation request meant that it was probably not an ordinary earthquake.
It was often the case that the earth attribute spirits that rule over the land caused the earthquakes.
If that was because a spirit was angry or was in a frenzy, it could be appeased by a ritual of a blade dance. Depending on the situation, there were also cases where a subjugation unit of spirit knights was formed.
As a quest it was relatively typical, but—
"Stop joking. Why is an ordinary earthquake investigation an S rank quest?"
He did not think that such level of danger would be involved if it was just an ordinary earth spirit investigation.
Compared to the quest's risk, the assigned rank seemed too high.
"You're being distrustful as usual, can't you trust my good will?"
"Can I trust it? You never lie. However, you also never speak the truth."
"Hmm...well, it is indeed like that."
Greyworth smiled and shrugged her shoulders in resignation.
"At that mine, it seems a strategic-class militarized spirit, who was sealed by the old Ordesia Knights, is sleeping there."
"A strategic-class militarized spirit...!?"
Kamito spontaneously groaned. Fianna beside him also gasped in surprise.
A strategic-class militarized spirit— it could not be compared to the giant spirit that went into frenzy at the Academy Town the other day.
Because of its tremendous strength, it was impossible for an individual to control it. In the end, it could only be controlled by ritual Kagura performed by several hundred elementalists— it was surely a weapon of mass destruction.
At the end of the second Ranbal war, the continental nations signed a treaty, and all the seven bodies should have sealed and disposed of such spirits, but—
"Don't tell me, the one causing the earthquake is that strategic-class militarized spirit?"
"At the very worst; it's only a possibility. I want to entrust you guys with this investigation. If your investigation confirms that the seal has come undone—"
"I'll perform the ritual of resealing by the «Ritual Kagura»."
Fianna calmly opened her mouth to speak.
"That's right. For you, who is the former Queen candidate, this quest suits you perfectly."
"...I see, that's the reason you called for this princess."
The Queens, who served the Five Great Elemental Lords, were the experts in the «Ritual Kagura» that appeased spirits.
They did not receive any special martial arts training, and as the result they were not suited for battle, but all forms of ritual have been driven into their bodies since they were children.
In the entire academy, there was only one former Queen academy student— a rare special skill user; the quest could only be accomplished with her, and considering that it had to do with a strategic-class militarized spirit, it might also be appropriate to set it as an S rank quest.
"..."
The terms were not bad. However, there was one more thing that he had to ask.
"...But is Fianna alright with this? With the guard being me."
If it was just about guarding her, there should have been even more competent elementalists.
For example, Ellis Fahrengart. If it was her, whose sense of responsibility was strong and who also had the ability, there would be no shortcomings to her being a guard.
There were no merits for the princess to have Kamito, who was a boy, as her guard. If Greyworth grouped them together as she pleased, ignoring Fianna's will— he planned to reject this deal.
However, Fianna—
"Of course, I'll be relying on you, Kamito-kun."
"Did Greyworth threaten you to group with me?"
"No, after all, I was the one who nominated you."
"Is that so?"
"Yes. To travel with the world's only male elementalist, isn't it great?"
Fianna entwined her fingers with Kamito's hand and gazed with upturned eyes.
Peering into her clear black pupils, Kamito spontaneously felt shock.
"Hmm, aren't you popular?"
Greyworth said, seemingly displeased, and handed over a document with the quest's key points written on it.
"If you intend to take up this quest, then sign here. This should not be a bad deal for you."
It was not bad, far from that, it was an extraordinary deal for Kamito in the current circumstances.
However—
"I can't decide this by myself. I have to at least ask Claire too."
"Hmm, well, that's alright. But hurry, I'll have you leave tomorrow."
"Claire?"
The one who raised her voice was Fianna.
"Ah, my team member, but—"
"Could she happen to be Claire Elstein?"
"...You know her?"
Kamito awkwardly scratched his head.
(That's right, this girl is... the Queen candidate to the Fire Elemental Lord.)
She was the princess maiden who was training at the same «Divine Ritual Institute» as the Calamity Queen— Rubia Elstein.
If that was the case, it would not be strange for her to know even Claire, that girl's sister.
"That person's sister..."
Fianna's lips slightly trembled.
She might be having regrets after hearing that the Calamity Queen's sister was one of the teammates.
"I'm sorry, but Claire is my teammate. I'll accomplish the quest together with her."
Kamito informed her—
"Yes, that's what I wish for as well."
As Fianna nodded, she muttered in a soft voice.
"I don't plan on losing to even the sister."

As the two of them left the office, Greyworth smiled.
"However, that princess did something bold as well."
"—you knew, Headmistress?"
From inside of the Greyworth's shadow, a lady quickly appeared.
Shadow elementalist— Teacher Freya Grandol.
"Is it about her using spirit crystals during the entrance examination? Of course, I noticed it. She did something impious. Doesn't that stone cost twenty million rood apiece?"
"Then, I presume you are overlooking this unfair entry, right?"
"Princess Fianna was ranked next to that Rubia Elstein as the second Queen candidate at the age of thirteen. If she wakes up as an elementalist again, isn't it the best bargain?"
"However, if she tries to lead her academy life using that thing, wouldn't she be instantly exposed?"
"I think that's something she also understands. She understands it and yet she became the academy's student. If she does not awaken, that would be the end to it, but if she awakens, it would be a fortune. Therefore, I grouped her with that boy."
"Headmistress, what on earth are you—"
Freya frowned and at that moment a winged eyeball flew in from the office window.
It was a probe-use spirit, used by Greyworth.
"Hmm, it seems that an uninvited guest has infiltrated the Academy Town."
"Is it the darkness spirit from the other day?"
"Well, I wonder? I do not know what they are aiming for, but... Freya Grandol, go prepare the order for the Sylphid Knights to strengthen the security."
Kamito, who left the office, took Fianna on a tour around the academy building.
She had an elegant light manner of walking. It seemed that a real princess' way of walking was also polished.
"Fianna, are you wearing the «Divine Ritual Institute»'s uniform?"
"Yes, as opposed to the Areishia Spirit Academy, it seems to be a recent design. During the time I was active, it used to be an even more bombastic ritual costume. That was cute in a way, but all the girls were definitely yearning for skirts."
"...Hmm, is that so? It suits you."
"Ah, even if it's just flattery, I am happy."
As they were talking while walking, Kamito's tone had relaxed tremendously.
Since she was the Ordesia Empire princess and a princess maiden from the «Divine Ritual Institute»— he was thinking that there would be an even-harder-to-approach atmosphere, but she was a surprisingly easy girl to talk to.
The two of them, who had such conversation while walking along the corridor, were already basked in the attention of other academy students.
"Hey, take a look. Kazehaya Kamito, again, is going to rape the admitted student!" "The licentious beast's special demonstration." "But I might be a little envious." "Wh...what are you saying!" "B...but if I was to be gazed at by those sharp eyes...I...I might be unable to defy." "It's just for a mere little while only, a little while only, I want to try being played with... don't you think so?" "Th...that's true, I...if he were to approach with force... my heart would surely be pounding." " No way, after all, he's the Demon King, the Demon King that devours any girl he can lay his hands on." "The Demon King..." "The Demon King of the night..."
A soft commotion like that could have been heard from the whole corridor.
(...What! The Demon King of the night!)
He wanted to retort numerous remarks, but it seemed like it would become really troublesome, so he did not.
He had already gotten used to the girls' frightened gazes.
However, it was strange, but there also were numerous girls sending him passionate gazes for some reason.
And then, for some reason, there seemed to be ribbon-tied letters and homemade sweets placed in his locker.
...Well, it might be just a prank.
"Hmm, Kamito-kun, you're quite popular."
"They're just teasing me, after all, I'm the only male in this academy."
"I wonder?"
Mugyu!
"...!?"
Suddenly, he felt a soft sensation at his upper arm.
Fianna pressed her breasts onto Kamito's arm.
"H...hey, Fianna!?"
"Hn, what's the matter?"
The princess expressed an impish smile with an upward glance.
The throbbing of his heart would not stop with that proper softness pressed onto his arm.
"No, princess... err, your breasts are hitting..."
"I do not mind. Or—"
Fianna gave a short teasing smile.
"Do you dislike an immodest princess?"
"..."
From the breast area of the dress-like uniform, her black lingerie was slightly in sight.
...He was troubled, earth-shatteringly troubled.
He felt like the sharpness of the gazes of the girls passing by along the corridor was gradually increasing.
Fianna was enjoyably gazing at Kamito, who has tensed up.
"Fufu, it seems like everyone is jealous."
"That's definitely not it..."
Kamito sighed deeply,
"By the way, why did princess enroll into this academy?"
Suddenly, he tried to ask something that was on his mind since a while ago.
He did not care for the circumstances that made her throw away her position as a Queen candidate. He was just curious as to why she became a student of the academy now, after having once disappeared from the center stage.
"That's—"
Fianna's legs suddenly stopped. Kamito also stopped at the same time.
"Uh?"
"If I said— I came to meet Kamito-kun, would you believe me?"
"...?"
As Kamito was a little puzzled,
"No, it can't be that you came to meet me, haven't we just met, Fianna?"
"..."
Fianna pouted her lips as if she was a little sullen hearing such a reply from Kamito.
"...Idiot."
Fianna muttered and pushed her index finger softly onto Kamito's lips.
And then, she drew her face closer till her lips barely touched him.
"—Ren Ashbell."
At that moment, Kamito's expression froze.
With the unexpected name coming from her mouth— he was at a loss for words.
"...!? H...ow..."
Standing still and dumbfounded, Kamito leaked out a dry voice.
The only people who knew Kamito's true identity as Ren Ashbell are the contracted spirit Restia and the witch Greyworth— those two people only.
How did this girl...?
"...I knew it, you don't remember."
Fianna pouted her lips, seemingly displeased.
Making such a face at this distance made it look as if she were a lover pestering for a kiss.
"It's alright. I'll keep it a secret from everyone, I did promise after all."
"Promised?"
Kamito seemed to have recalled something, at that moment.
"Kamito!"
Claire came running from the other side of the corridor. It seemed that she was searching for Kamito.
"Come on, what in the world were—"
At that point, Claire suddenly stopped.
In the middle of the corridor, she saw the two's posture, which was almost like a couple kissing—
"Y...yo...yo...yo..."
Gogogo... her shoulders began to tremble bit by bit.
Her red hair bristled up like a crimson flame and blazed up tremblingly.
"Yo...yo...you slave... yo...you truly have no discretion..."
Pishii!—The moment her whip made a sound, the hell cat, cladded in red hot flames, appeared from an empty space.
The hell cat transformed into the Flame Tongue form in an instant and settled into Claire's right hand.
"Th...that's alright, I'll thoroughly train you today..."
"Wa...wait, don't misunderstand, Claire, this girl is—"
"—Claire?"
Fianna reacted to that name Kamito said.
She gently parted her arms from Kamito and glared at Claire with a sharp look.
"I see, you are Claire Rouge."
"That's right. So what?"
"You are that person's sister..."
He felt like invisible fireworks scattered in Fianna's eyes glaring at Claire.

"Neeveeer, I won't accept this!"
It was evening. Claire's angry voice reverberated throughout the Raven Class dormitory.
"I've already had to concede to her joining the team temporarily due to the guarding quest, but—"
She brushed her red twin-tail hair in irritation.
"Why is this girl in the same room with us?!"
She faced Fianna, who was drinking her cup of black tea in elegant small sips, and thrust her finger toward her.
Turning away standoffishly, Fianna sighed and muttered.
"What a small room, I wouldn't have thought that this is a place where a noble would live in."
"Sh...Shut up! If you have complaints, why don't you take it up to the headmistress?"
"What I am talking about is how messy the room is. Can't you catch the sarcasm of the remark?"
"Grh... I...It's usually properly tidied up!"
Kamito sighed as he was at his wits' end. These two have already been like this for some time now.
"Hey, Kamito-kun, don't you think so too?"
"Err, well..."
Casting a glance at Claire who was on the verge of tears, Kamito answered vaguely.
"That reminds me, Ren Ashbell's true identity—"
"Ahh, it's certainly messy. Claire should at least clean it up."
Claire bit her lips with teary eyes.
(...Sorry, Claire. I'm unable to defy this princess.)
Somehow, the girl knew Kamito's true identity.
Kamito's intent was to quickly press the question, but, in this situation, Claire would also learn about it.
This princess seemed to have no intention of telling the secret to Claire, but she had been threatening him by leaking that name since a while ago.
Feeling like a cat on hot bricks, Kamito tediously sighed.
While the invisible fireworks scattered, Est was playing with Scarlet with a green foxtail.
It seemed that Claire realized that she was no match for Fianna in the battle of words and diverted the flow of the argument to Kamito.
"Besides, why should it be my room?!"
"Well, because you're the only person in the dormitory who occupies the room just by herself."
"It's not only me, even not just two of us. Including Est, it's three people."
"Aren't you treating me as your slave spirit? By the dormitory rules, spirits are not counted as roommates."
"Uh, that's so, but..."
"Well, with all of us, I guess the room will be cramped, as expected. I'll leave."
In the first place, Kamito should have been living in a hut outside.
Moreover, it would be no good if rumors about a guy sleeping in a girl's room were to spread.
"Hey, what are you going to do when you leave? Do you plan on going as far as sleeping outdoors?"
"For the time being, a tent would be sufficient. I'll manage one way or another."
Claire grabbed the back of Kamito's neck as he tried to leave the room.
"What?"
"No."
"Huh?"
"That's no good. After all, if you're gone..."
Claire looked downwards and tightly bit her lips.
"Who will do the cooking and the laundry?!"
"...Err, you do it."
"No way. After all, the meals you make are delicious..."
It seemed that Claire, who used to live on canned food, had her stomach held captive by Kamito's home cooking.
"Besides, if you were to leave, wouldn't that mean you and Est are left all alone together. That's no good. Rinslet and, like just now, Ellis may come meddling. No, it's not just Ellis and the others. After all, there are many girls targeting you out of curiosity."
"If I'm being targeted...Est and I can fend off most of them."
"T...That's not what I meant... Stupid."
Claire released her hold on the back of his neck.
"Y...You are mine after all. I'll not give you to anyone."
"...Even if you say that..."
Kamito softly sighed—
"Hey, what do you mean by yours?"
Fianna muttered in soft tone.
"Claire Rouge, what kind of relationship do you have with Kamito-kun?"
"Wh...What kind of relationship...? That's..."
Claire bashfully blushed,
"A...A sl...slave and a master relationship!"
"Wh...What did you say...!?"
Fianna looked at Kamito with an astonished look.
"D...Don't tell me, you have such an insane relationship..."
"Wait, don't utter something that'll cause misunderstandings!"
"Hm...hmm, besides, what kind of relationship do you have with Kamito? Despite being a freshly admitted student, aren't you being very intimate?"
In reverse, Claire was the one asking back this time.
When she did, Fianna coughed—
"Me? I'm... his little sister, Kamito's."
"Eh!"
"...? A sister, I..."
"Hey, listen, the truth is that Ren Ashbell's true identity—"
"Ye...Yes, she is my little sister, my little sister!"
Fianna murmured the magic words and Kamito nodded right away.
"Li...Little sister... I see, so you had a little sister."
Claire stroked her chest for some reason.
"However, I'm his stepsister."
"Stepsister!?"
"That's right, furthermore, a naughty stepsister."
"A nau...naughty stepsister!?"
Claire's face turned bright red in a split second.
(...What on earth was she imagining?)
"Here's a hint, a stepsister can be married to her brother, right, onii-sama ♪"
Suddenly, Fianna tightly pressed her large breasts unto him.
Kamito was spontaneously startled by that duly soft sensation—
"Wh...Wh...Wh...? Id...Idiot, you brute pervert!"
"Ouch, wait, it's a misunderstanding, stop—"
For some reason, tears welled up in Claire's eyes as she hit Kamito with her whip. Pishi! Pishi!
"Hey, what are you doing to Kamito-kun!"
Phishi!—Fianna grabbed Claire's arm that swung up.
"Uh, wh...what!"
"Kamito-kun isn't your slave."
"Yeah, that's right."
Kamito nodded.
"He is mine."
"No, I'm not yours either, you know?"
Kamito retorted with half-opened eyes.
(...Good grief, I wonder why such people are all around me.)
"Too bad. Kamito is my slave spirit, after all...??"
"After all?"
As Fianna asked back, Claire's cheeks slight blushed,
"After all, err... I even...did the spirit contract ritual with Kamito."
"..."
Fianna opened her mouth.
She faced Kamito, whose head was made to squeak.
"Hey, is that true? Kamito-kun."
She had a devilish smile.
"No, that's..."
Honestly, he was getting embarrassed just by recalling that time.
He turned bright red and cast down his eyes, which was roughly the same reaction Claire's shown.
(If it was that embarrassing, then don't mention it)— was what he thought, but...
After witnessing such a reaction from both of them, Fianna calmly muttered.
"I see... You kissed."
Her tone was certainly calm, but it was the tone that concealed something dreadful.
...She was angry. She was certainly angry.
(No, why is Fianna angry in the first place?)
As Kamito showed a doubtful expression, Fianna quickly stood up—
Faced Claire, who was bashfully turning red and sharply thrust her index finger at her.
"Let's have a match, Claire Rouge!"
"A match?"
"Yes, a match, where the winner is the one who can love Kamito-kun."
"No...No way, not such a thing! To begin with, Kamito is originally mine!"
"I've been saying that's not it..."
Kamito tried to cut into their conversation, but the two of them didn't seem to hear him.
"If you win, I'll leave this room. Then, you can do all the perverted things you'd like with Kamito-kun, just the two of you."
"I...I...I won't do such things!"
"Ahh, then, is doing it by yourself more to your liking?"
"Wh...Wh...Wh...What are...?"
Claire turned bright red and the steam vented from her head.
(...She was thoroughly toyed with.)
Claire was extremely weak toward the reprehension in such an area, she was a super innocent ojou-sama.
"Or perhaps, you have no confidence? You just don't want me to take away Kamito-kun?"
Fianna further provoked Claire, who had finally snapped.
"Guu... A...As you wish! Come forth, scorching hot hellcat!"
She summoned Scarlet and held in her hand an elemental waffe— Flame Tongue.
"Hey, do you plan on destroying the dormitory?! The people from the Sylphid Knights will dash here!"
"It's alright, because I'll settle it before they come."
"That's completely not alright!"
Claire-san, her eyes were serious. ...She was determined.
"Don't be in such a hurry, Claire Rouge."
However, Fianna waved her hand with a composed expression.
"What, now that it has come to this, are you pleading for your life?"
"I didn't say anything about having a match in blade dance. I wonder if trying to settle everything with violence is something proper nobles do. Did all the nutrition that's supposed to go to your head go to your breasts—"
Fianna looked at Claire's breasts and smiled.
"—I guess that's not the case."
"Burn all to nothing, red hot inferno ball!"
"Wait, Claire! Stop the spirit magic!"
Kamito flustered and held her hands to her back as Claire tried to recite fireball.
At their best, they were hovering near the bottom of the inter-school ranking. If they caused any more problems, «Team Scarlet»'s score would drop to the lowest rank.
"Guu...then, what kind of match are we having?!"
"Yeah—"
Placing her index finger at her chin, Fianna slowly looked around the room.
—Then, her gaze stopped on a mountain of canned food, piled up in the kitchen.
Kamito overlooked that her eyes were sparkling.
"Then, the first one who satisfies Kamito's body, wins— How's that?"
"Sa...Satisfies his body...!?"
Claire's face turned bright red.
"No...no way, not such a thing! After all, I don't know any skillful methods... that's not it, su...such a thing is definitely not allowed!"
"I don't know what kind of misunderstanding you're having, but what I'm talking about is a culinary showdown?"
"Culinary!?"
Claire's face froze.
It was natural. The first time he met her, she was only eating canned food.
She couldn't possibly cook something decent.
"No way, I can't accept such a duel!"
"Ah, offering a meal for a spirit to enjoy itself is the same type of «Kagura» as a blade dance, a skill of a splendid elementalist. Isn't it also among the academy's core subjects?"
"Th...That's..."
"Or, are you lacking confidence? ...Like that chest of yours."
She snapped. At that moment, the sound of something snapping was heard.
"I...I get it..."
"Uh?"
"I...I accept it, this culinary match!"
Claire faced Fianna and sharply thrust her finger at her as she accepted the match.
At that moment, the princess expressed an impish smile.
(By the way, Claire, she has seen through the fact that you're weak in cooking!)
Just like that, the culinary showdown between the two of them somehow began, but—
The two beautiful girls, who put on aprons, were standing at opposite sides of the kitchen.
It was the common kitchen at the first floor of the Raven Class dormitory. It seemed that as long as one was a boarding student, it was alright to freely use the ingredients available there.
Est the judge sat well behaved at the table and was tightly grasping a spoon.
While being nervous about the other meaning of having Scarlet take care of the leftovers, Kamito paced around the back of the kitchen.
(...Frankly, Claire has no chance of winning.)
He certainly had never eaten Claire's home cooking, but, in any case, she was the ojou-sama who got through with mostly canned food in her meals since she came to the academy.
"Ehh, canned tuna, mackerel tuna... and I splurge a little and also open the canned crab."
While humming, Claire arranged the canned food ingredients. Kamito had doubts about approving her combination of canned food, but, for now, it looked edible, so Kamito took a breath of relief.
"Fruits are easy to eat after being cut."
Upon seeing Claire slowly taking out the kitchen knife, Kamito interrupted her.
"Are you alright with that? Don't cut your finger."
"I'm alright, after all, I was always watching you prepare food."
"I see... Hn, you were always watching?"
"Idi... Th...That's not it, I do not mean something like that!"
"Waah, it's dangerous, don't swing the kitchen knife!"
*Bun!* Kamito splendidly dodged the kitchen knife, which grazed his nose tip.
"Hmm, be...because you said something stupid!"
Claire's face, up till her ears, was bright red and she quickly turned away.
"Putting that aside, what on earth are you making?"
"Seafood curry, the one that you often make. Because I like that."
"Eh, you don't normally use canned tuna and canned mackerel for seafood curry, you know?"
It seemed that she tossed the ingredients into the sauce from what she learned by watching him.
"Sh...shut up... It's not like there's a reason to the fishes' name one by one. It's the same as not remembering the face of the partner whom you danced with at the ball."
"...That's terrible. Do remember that."
Besides Claire's character, just her appearance was that of a transcendent beautiful girl. He was certain without doubt that there would be as many young nobles as the number of stars, who would be hard-pressed by her lovely looks and ask her for a dance.
"...At any rate, Claire, you're in a dress?"
"What, I was once too the daughter of a Duke family before my lands were seized, so I do at least wear dresses... Or perhaps, is it that I look strange wearing a dress?"
"No, I just thought that you looked good wearing it."
"...Wh...Wh...What are you saying, idiot."
Kamito spoke his honest thoughts and Claire turned red increasingly and looked downwards.
She slightly raised her head and looked at Kamito with an upward glance—
"Hey, do you re...really... think I look good?"
"Yea, I think that your red hair looks pretty with that pure white dress.... I don't want to admit it, but honestly just your looks are prettier than any princesses."
"...!"
"Well, while wearing a dress, your breasts volume is overwhelmingly lacking though. Using paddings there to make do with it is the only—"
Then, Kamito suddenly shut his mouth.
*Gogogogogogogo*... The kitchenware were clattering.
...It seemed that he stepped on another unnecessary landmine again.
"Ah...no... I'm sorry."
"...Th...Th...That's right. Unless I use paddings, I can't even wear a dress, right?"
"Hey, Claire, why are you holding such a thing? That's a handy tool you use to peel vegetables, it's not something you use on people... owaa, wai—"
"Kuu, I can't believe that there's such a way to use a vegetable peeler..."
As Kamito cursed, he turned up at Fianna's corner this time.
There were numerous scars like cat-scratches on his cheeks.
"Despite being poor at using the cookware, she completely mastered using it as a weapon."
At this rate, the day that Claire's elemental waffe became a peeler from a whip might also be close.
(Turn into bonito flakes...? What a terribly unpleasant future.)
While pressing down on his cheeks, which were suffering a prickling pain, he was thinking about such a thing,
"—Hmm, you two are on pretty good terms."
Raising her face from the chopping board, Fianna said with half-opened eyes.
Somehow, she seemed a little displeased.
"Is that how it looks like? Princess, your eyes are also surprisingly bad."
"Not everything you see is the truth— That was a saying from a certain senior of mine."
"That indeed seems like words that a princess maiden of the «Divine Ritual Institute» would say."
Kamito shrugged his shoulders and stood beside Fianna.
She was slicing a carrot with a nice tapping rhythm.
Because she was a «Kagura» expert, who pleased spirits, as expected her skill was good.
"You seem full of confidence."
"Of course. During the time at the «Divine Ritual Institute», although there was a ritual to offer cooked meals to high ranking spirits only once a month, all of them were satisfied with my offered meals and returned to Astral Zero."
"Really? That's amazing."
Kamito was honestly in admiration. That seemed to be a great expectation. Naturally, because appearance was more important than taste for the meals offered to spirits, he wondered if it would differ from the cooking humans eat.
"By the way, what was that one bottle you poured into the pot just now?"
"Capsicum. I'm using it as a subtle seasoning."
"I see, a subtle seasoning."
A subtle seasoning. The soup in the pot certainly became red and was making the ingredients subtle to see.
However, did subtle seasoning generally have such a meaning?
"...Is that okay?"
"Yea, it has such a vibrant and pretty color, doesn't it?"
...That somehow invited anxiety, but he gave up on investigating it.
Fianna nodded, seemingly satisfied, and cast her sights onto the chopping board again.
While listening to the rhythmic tapping sound, Kamito gazed at Fianna's face profile.
She had black pupils of long slits and virgin-snow-like white skin.
Her black hair, which reached down to her waist, was currently tied up to not let it fall.
Her white nape was mysteriously erotic.
Without thinking, Kamito was charmed by that somewhat mature face profile.
(With just tying her hair up, her impression has greatly changed...?)
Her tied up hair. There was something stuck in Kamito's mind.
(...This girl, as I thought, have I met her somewhere?)
Despite that it should be the first time they met, the girl somehow knew Kamito's true identity.
(However, I don't have any princess acquaintances...)
It was irritating that he seemed to recall something, but yet he couldn't recall anything.
He was staring at Fianna's face profile in that manner—
"Hey, Kamito-kun? Why have you been visually raping me since just now?"
Fianna turned towards him with a slightly troubled look.
"Ah, no... visually raping!?"
"There are certainly things like turning this fallen princess senseless, or training her like a slave. Kamito-kun, it's your free-will to make these various perverted delusions, but... well, honestly, it doesn't really feel good to be used as an adolescent boy's delusions."
"What kind of person do you think I am?"
"Ah, I would like for you to not take a princess maiden, who serves the spirit lords of the «Divine Ritual Institute», lightly. I can read your mind like picking something up."
After saying that, Fianna drew her face close and gently placed her hand onto Kamito's forehead.
He was reflexively startled by the sensation of her cool soft skin.
"...Eh? No way, a nude maid, that's shameful..."
"What's shameful is your mind!"
Kamito spontaneously shouted.
Besides, what was a nude maid? Was it a variant of the naked apron? He was a little curious.
At that moment—
"Kamito, it's about the meat's grilling adjustment though, is medium good? Or, well-done?"
"Ahh, I prefer medium... Owa!"
Upon turning around, before he knew it, Claire was standing there with a smile and a fireball floating.
"Yo...Yo...You are the wo...wo...worst, something like nude maid, you're the worst!"
*Gogogogogogogo......!*
"Wait, it's a false accusation— Fianna!?"
He requested for help, but Fianna had already left the scene with an impish smile.
"Tu...turn into cinders together with your insolent delusions, you pervert!"
The fireball Claire released blew Kamito away together with the kitchen.
Just like that, 30 minutes passed.
At the table where the judges were sitting, the food cooked by the two of them was lined up.
Est, Scarlet and Kamito, who was worn out, were sitting side by side in a line.
As the result of drawing lots, they would start eating Claire's cooking first, but—
"...Ah, I have to at least ask, what is this?"
A black lump of something was laid down on the plate before him.
Wasn't that probably the cinders thing Claire was always saying?
"If I remember, it was seafood curry... right? That was what you were making."
"...I...It looks a little overcooked."
The thing before him was completely carbonized... It was no longer about the taste.
"Ehh, is it bad if I don't eat this?
"I...It's not about appearances, what's important is the taste, right?!"
"It's awfully bitter."
Est, who sampled a mouthful, muttered that expressionlessly.
"...Est, you betrayed me."
"Isn't that obvious? Est, you've done well."
"Wh...What, Scarlet is deliciously eating it."
"That's because it's a fire spirit. It probably doesn't have something like the sense of taste."
That burnt-black lump was completely eaten by Scarlet, but he had the feeling that rather than eating something, it was incinerating waste. After it finished eating, it puffed out a small fireball.
"...Isn't Est also a spirit?! I don't think she understands the taste of a delicate cuisine."
"Use of abusive language towards a judge. Claire gets a point deduction."
Expressionlessly, Est raised up a point-deduction card.
"Guu..."
"With just a black thing, there's no need to eat it. It's my victory."
Fianna placed her hand near her mouth and a wide smile appeared on her face.
Well, there seemed to already be a winner decided, but they had to also at least eat and compare her cooking.
...*Gutsu*, *gutsu*, *gutsu*, *gutsu*, *gutsu*.[2]
They saw the cooking that was carried over—
"Th..That's..!"
Kamito was at a loss for words. Est widened her eyes unusually, Scarlet purred.
It seemed to be a boiling...stew.
It was red. It was more red compared to the time Kamito saw it a while ago. It was a stew whose ingredients could not be seen.
"Ehh, what is... this?"
"This is the Ordesia royal family's speciality, the white stew."
"How is it white!?"
At least on the surface, all he could see was one color, red. And then, there was a dreadful smell that even thrust up into his nose.
It was because of the subtle seasoning she used just now, he was certain of that.
"Wh...What is this?! There's no way anyone could eat such a thing!"
Claire pushed aside her own matters and complained. ...Well, she understood that feeling.
"Ahh, the daughter of the Elstein family is complaining without even trying it."
Fianna brushed her glossy black hair and looked down at Claire.
"This isn't fair. I doubt that's something nobles, who are exemplars to the masses, do."
"Uggg....!"
Unfairness aside, Fianna also did not eat Claire's burnt-black thing, but Claire, who blew her top, seemed to not have noticed such a thing.
Or perhaps he should put it that she was basically weak to provocation to things about noble ojou-samas. She was even weaker especially when it involved her family name and her pride as a noble.
"I...I get it, it's alright if I eat a mouthful of that, right? I'm good with spicy things, after all."
The moment Claire nodded, Fianna expressed a wicked smile.
"Hey, Claire, that's seriously dangerous—"
Without time for Kamito to stop Claire, she put the spoon into her mouth.
And then, at the next moment.
"Hyguu—!?"
......*Patan*.
Suddenly, she collapsed onto the table.
"Cl...Claire, are you alright?!"
Kamito helped her up in a fluster, but Claire's eyes were spinning.
"...Sh...She's completely knocked out."
"It's my victory."
Fianna placed her hand at her waist and smiled.
"Err, it was that kind of match?"
"Is that not it?"
Fianna looked surprised.
Well, he felt that it was certain that they did not decide on the precise conditions to win.
"You certainly did say that you made the spirits satisfied with a ritual of the «Divine Ritual Institute», right?"
"Yeah, just by eating a mouthful, they returned to Astral Zero seemingly satisfied."
"Uh, I think that they probably did not return satisfied."
"A cooking that even destroys a spirit's sense of taste..."
Unable to prohibit the trembling.
Est leaked out such a mutter.
(Good grief... today was a troublesome day.)
Since then, one hour had passed, Kamito was using the shower installed in the bathroom.
Because Fianna said she would shower later, Kamito ended up entering the bathroom first without any reservation.
By the way, Claire was being nursed by Scarlet in the room. She should probably be groaning on the bed currently. Kamito thought she was pitiful, but he could not even do anything.
It was already time for Est to sleep. She could not return to Astral Zero, so she needed to get a lot of sleep and she would usually sleep for about half a day.
"At any rate" —Kamito muttered while having his shower.
(Fianna Ray Ordesia... huh?)
She was a girl who was the second princess of the Ordesia Empire and the second Queen candidate next to that Calamity Queen— Rubia Elstein. Why did she know Kamito's true identity? He did not clearly understand what her aim was for approaching him.
(It also doesn't seem like she's going to expose my true identity.)
Rather than seriously threatening him, Kamito thought that it was more like she was having fun with his reactions.
(...What on earth is going on?)
At the moment Kamito tried to stop the spirit device shower.
"Hey, Kamito-kun, I'm coming in."
Such a voice came from the direction of the dressing room.
"Hn, Ah—"
He replied.
"Wh...What!?"
Kamito turned around in a fluster.
*Gararaa*— The door opened.
Over there was—
"...What's the matter? You look so surprised."
A princess with a bath towel wrapped around her body.
"Wh...Wh...Wh...?"
Kamito fell into a panic state for a moment.
"Fi...Fianna, what are you doing?!"
"Uh?"
The princess slightly tilted her head and made a lovely smile.
She had a slender white nape. She had an elegant narrow waist. And then, there were her large swelling breasts. He thought that her bare white legs, seen from the slit of the bath towel, were bewitching unlike those of a 16 year old girl.
Kamito was dumbfounded—
"What, even for me, doing this thing is... embarrassing, you know?"
Her knees touched each other and she bashfully muttered.
Slowly, Fianna gently dropped her towel.
"...!?"
Kamito instantly covered his eyes with both hands—but,
"A sw...swimsuit...?"
Fianna was wearing a separate black swimsuit beneath the bath towel.
It was a water festival swimsuit, where thin veils were attached at the chest area and a pareo was wrapped around her waist.
She had both nicely tightened legs and a narrow waist that depicted her elegant curves.
Her slightly flushed body was beautiful like a descending goddess.
Kamito was charmed instantly—
"Eh, what's ... the matter?"
"Wh...What?"
"Sh...Showing my bare skin to a boy... Kamito-kun, you are the first one, you know."
Fianna's voice slightly trembled as she embarrassedly muttered.
"Wh...Why...?"
Kamito gulped.
...He did not understand the point. Why was she doing such a thing?
As if his doubt was pointed out—
"Hey, sit."
Fianna gently touched his shoulders with her hands and made Kamito sit facing the reverse direction.
It was the sensation of a girl's cool soft hands. His heartbeat accelerated right away.
"Fianna, what are you trying to—"
Fuyon.
"...!"
Suddenly, a soft sense of elasticity was pushed onto his back.
Kamito's back jumped in a startle.
Fianna coughed—
"A...a princess like me is giving your back a wash. Consider this an honor."
She began washing Kamito's back with a bubble-foaming body towel.
"Er, wait a while, why are you—"
Kamito couldn't comprehend it and was completely bewildered.
However, if he turned around, he would end up looking directly at Fianna's bewitching swimsuit appearance, so he didn't move.
"Be...Behave yourself, do you plan on making me embarrassed?"
She said that in a sulky tone and strongly scrubbed his back.
"Ho...How is it? Does it feel good?"
"Well, even if you ask something like that..."
Honestly, it felt good.
Or, with a cute girl so close like this, there's no way that it doesn't feel good.
However, he felt like he'll lose something important as a person if he said his honest thoughts.
"Yo..You're surprisingly stubborn... Hurry up and get ensnared by me!"
"Ensnared!?"
Funyu. Funyun.
He felt like he heard some sort of dangerous word just now, but his senses were taken away by the sensation of her breasts pressing on him and his mind immediately became hazy.
(This is... bad...!)
Kamito, who was brought up as an assassin since he was young at the «Instructional School», did not even do training against this kind of allurement. As, he was at the age where he did not yet require a counter-measure for such a thing, and his contracted spirit was keeping all approaching females completely away from him.
However, Kamito was now of the marriageable age of a youth.
He was already on the verge of losing his reason to the sensation of her breasts, pressing through her thin swimsuit.
"H..Hey... where are you touching!?"
"Be...Behave yourself! I'll tell your true identity to that girl."
"Th...That's right! Why do you know about Ren Ashbell—"
Kamito was about to turn around and ask her— at that moment.
*Bam!*— Suddenly, the bathroom door opened.
"...!?"
Over there was—
"C...Claire...?"
Claire Rouge, who was looking downwards and whose shoulder was trembling.
"Kuu, I can't believe you've already recovered..."
Fianna tightly bit her lips.
"Yo...Yo...You guys, wh...wh...wh..what are you doing?"
"You...you're mistaken, this is, err—"
*Gogogogogogogogo...!*
Claire's red hair bristled like flames flaring up.
Kamito resigned to being turned to cinders like usual.
"..."
Claire's movement, after raising her whip up, suddenly stopped.
In her ruby pupils, flames were burning up, as she was sternly glaring at Fianna.
Fianna expressed a composed expression. Pitoo— she stuck her breasts onto Kamito's back.
"Fianna!? Wh...why are you doing something like adding fuel to—"
Kamito tried to separate his body in a fluster, but his arms were tightly held.
"I'm now washing Kamito-kun's back. Could you please not bother us?"
"Kuu, yo...you guys..."
(Ah... I'm so dead.)
Kamito strangely closed his eyes with a calm mood.
However, the move Claire took next was completely unexpected.
It wasn't the usual where she blew Kamito away with her Flame Tongue—
"I...I'll... also wash your back."
"Eh?" "Huh?"
She sternly glared at the two of them who were dumbfounded— and informed them.
"I mean I'm also entering the bath!"
"Ho...How is it, Kamito? Does it feel good?"
"Ah, I'm the one who's making you feel good, right?"
(Wa...Wait, what... kind of situation is this!?)
Three minutes later, Kamito's head was completely in a panic.
...He wondered if he was having a nasty nightmare. However, this sensation he felt on his back was real.
In a bathroom for 1 person to use, he ended up being covered in bubble-foam with two beautiful girls for some reason.
Furthermore, Claire wasn't even wearing a swimsuit. Her naked body was just wreathed around by a bath towel.
Her vivid crimson red hair looked pretty on her fine milky-white skin.
She had a petite build and slender proportions.
That lovely fairy-like body of hers was more than charming enough, even if she was lacking breasts.
There were red belt marks on her thigh seen through the slit of her towel. Claire had her animal-training leather whip wreathed around her thigh. Those marks were strangely captivating.
Kamito eagerly tried to not look at the two of them, but because the room was small after all, he would end up closely stuck to their skin with just a slight movement. That sensation ended up further boosting his imagination.
"Kyaa...hey, what are you touching, idiot!"
"Ah, if you move like that, you'll rub my front...Hyauu."
It was that situation just by twisting his body a little due to the ticklishness.
(Give me a break...)
If boys of about the same age heard this, they might think that it's the Shangri-La of dreams, but, as for Kamito, he felt like it was as if he was sitting on a bed of nails.
...Why was this happening, he did not understand the point.
It was probably because Claire had an opposing heart towards Fianna that she ended up blurting out such a thing, and it became that she couldn't back out, but— as for Kamito, who was dragged into this, this was intolerable.
He should be getting out from here as quickly as possible, but if he moved even a little, he would end up directly coming in contact with their skin, so even if he planned to get out, he couldn't get out.
"Hey, I'm the one who's making you feel good, right? Say that it feels good!"
"Ouchhh, you're peeling off the skin on my back."
"Eh, it hurts so much? ... Wow, your back is full of injuries."
"Ah, that's because I've always been hurt by a certain somebody."
"I...I'm sorry..."
Kamito groaned with a deadpan look and Claire awkwardly apologized.
"—No, I'm joking. Those are old wounds from the past."
The injuries on his back were gotten from the time when he called himself Ren AshbellStrongest Blade Dancer before.
"...Hn? Fianna, what are you looking at?"
—Claire frowned and looked at Fianna.
"I...it's nothing."
"What's the matter with my spirit seal?"
Fianna had been intermittently gazing at Claire's spirit seal on her right hand since a while ago.
"Di...didn't I say that it's nothing!"
Fianna let out a flustered voice unlike her usual self and quickly averted her eyes.
Claire stared at her in such a state, seemingly puzzled—
"...Your spirit seal is at such a place. How unusual."
She had gotten a quick look at a part of her spirit seal at Fianna's cleavage, who was wearing a swimsuit.
"If I recall, you're a holy spirit user?"
"Yea... that's right."
Fianna, who answered her, had a slightly stiff expression.
"What kind of spirit is yours, summon it and show it to us."
Kamito also had an interest in that. As teammates participating in the same quest, they should at least have a grasp of the type of spirits being used. That was also, without fail, the duty of being in the team.
However, Fianna turned away with a seemingly displeased look for some reason.
"I'll show it to you when necessary. An elementalist doesn't thoughtlessly summon her contracted spirit."
Certainly, there were also elementalists with that kind of thinking among the academy students.
As there was the possibility that their spirits would be seen through by rivals from their appearances to their attributes, weaknesses and so on.
On the other hand—
"If you don't make communications with your contracted spirit daily, mutual trust can't be created."
There were also people who thought like Claire and they were the majority in the academy.
As either opinions also have a reason, either side couldn't be unconditionally said to be correct, but—
For some reason, those words of Claire seemed to have gotten on Fianna's nerves.
"...You won't understand. Claire Rouge."
"...? Hey, what do you mean by that—"
"I'm getting out already."
Fianna muttered with an ice-like voice and quickly stood up.
—At that moment.
He heard the faint sound of weapons from afar.
It was something normal humans would fail to hear, the sound of metal clashing.
However, Kamito, who once received training at the «Instructional School», certainly heard it.
"Kamito, what's the matter?"
"There's a battle occurring within the academy—"
It might be a fellow academy student's duel. No, if that was the case, the Sylphid Knights should have immediately stopped it.
"I have a bad premonition."
That was a pure uneasiness— to be honest. His intuition as an elementalist, which was honed as he went through countless battles— that was the only one he wanted to believe that did not dull as he expected.
(There's no doubt, there's a terrible fellow—)
He dashed out of the bathroom, nimbly put on his uniform, and then Est turned up, rubbing her eyelids and looking sleepy, in her pajamas. It seemed that this sword spirit felt an unusual phenomenon.
"Kamito, there's something not good outside."
"Ahh, sorry for waking you up, Est."
"No, Kamito. I'm your sword."
Kamito grasped Est's small hand and the girl's body turned into particles of light in a moment.
At the next moment, Kamito's hand was gripping the elemental waffe— Terminus Est.
He felt that her sword body was smaller and her radiance was also duller compared to usual, but because she had just woken up, it couldn't be helped.
Kamito jumped out from the room's window.
"Wa...Wait up... ahh, come on! Come, Scarlet!"
Claire called Scarlet and jumped out chasing Kamito.

"What on earth is this—"
Clad in the devastating winds of the demon wind spirit, Ellis, who appeared gallantly, was speechless.
There was an unbelievable scene spread out before her eyes.
The knights of the Sylphid Knights, which maintained the public order of the academy, were collapsed on the ground in heaps.
Only academy students with excellent results could enroll into the Sylphid Knights. That was—
(Don't tell me, they were defeated by just one intruder!?)
In the middle of the darkness, where there was a drizzle.
A small figure, who put on an overcoat with a hood, was standing in the middle of the collapsed girls.
"Was it you, bastard? The one that did this!"
Ellis asked a direct question. Her hand was already armed with the elemental waffe —«Ray Hawk».
It was just about 30 minutes ago that she heard the report that an intruder had appeared in the academy and plundered the classified materials of the seal specification from the library. Ellis immediately put out a pursuit order to a platoon of the Knights, and while she used her wind spirit to give instructions to every platoon, she was pursuing the intruder by herself.
And then, upon travelling at high speed to the place where she lost contact with them, they were in that state.
The elementalist before her eyes kept quiet. Just a scorning presence was transmitted.
"—I see, in that case, I'll make you talk whether you like it or not."
The «Ray Hawk», which Ellis took a stance with, filled with wind thunderously.
Just by looking, the figure of a contracted spirit could not be found in that person's surroundings. It seemed like that person wasn't holding an elemental waffe either.
However, the elementalist, before her eyes, had already defeated 5 girls from the Knights.
(Is she using a type of spirit that possesses the flesh?)
The opponent's identity was completely unknown. Or, far from not finding the figure of a contracted spirit, was the opponent not an elementalist?—No, that can't be it. For example, even if one launched a surprise attack, something like a person, who wasn't even an elementalist, to defeat five Knights members alone was impossible.
(In that case, I'll have to ascertain it with these eyes of mine—!)
Ellis took a stance with Ray Hawk and attacked like a gale.
The opponent finally reacted. A muffled voice was heard from under the hood—
"—Manifest, Wolf FangFanged Wolf Spirit."
At that moment, a pattern of lines appeared on the ground, and a spirit with the appearance of a ferocious wolf was summoned.
"That's your spirit, huh? However, it isn't a match for my demon wind spirit!"
As she ran, Ellis wielded her lance perfectly horizontal.
The lump of violent winds she released mowed down the roadside trees while rushing toward Wolf Fang.
Ellis accelerated like she was being sucked in by her self-made wind vortex, ignoring the stranded Wolf Fang, and aimed directly for the elementalist.
Tan!—She kicked the ground. Her academy skirt waved about and Ellis had jumped.
She was about to do her specialty, a nose-dive attack from the sky. It was a technique that had defeated all the upperclassmen during the practice matches.
With the contracted spirit stranded, the elementalist, who became defenseless, looked up.
And then, the person faced Ellis and turned her palm towards her.
"What!?"
"—Manifest, Blast GearRipping Thunder Spirit!"
At that moment, a bluish-white lightning, released from his palm, was fired at Ellis.
Ellis, who had not been expecting anything like an attack coming towards her, received a direct attack and was blown away without even being able to dodge in mid-air.
Without delay, Wolf Fang rushed in and attacked. It pushed down on Ellis, who was thrown onto the ground, and tried to bite down on her windpipe. On the verge of that—
Hyuu! She thought she heard a sound that ripped apart the air, then, Wolf Fang's body was severed into four parts in an instant, burning up into ashes.
"...!?"
Eliis raised her face and traced the crimson remains that ripped apart the night sky with her eyes—
"You owe me one, Ellis Fahrengart."
Raven Class's Claire Rouge descended with her Flame tongue in her hand.
And then—
"Ellis, are you alright?!"
Armed with a silver sword, Kazehaya Kamito came running.
Kamito rushed over to Ellis's side, who had already fallen.
Armed with the elemental waffe—Terminus Est, he stood with his arms apart as if protecting her.
Claire was a short distance away and Fianna also came running later, out of breath.
"Ellis, are you alright?"
"...I-It isn't a big deal."
Kamito lifted Ellis up by her shoulder and she turned red and shifted her face away.
"What on earth happened? Who is that person?"
"It is nothing concerning you guys. This has been entrusted to the Knights, so step back."
"That won't do. We are elementalists. And even if there weren't the Knights, we have the obligation to fight to protect the academy."
"It's like that. Besides—"
Staring directly at Ellis's face, Kamito said.
"Our precious comrade was hurt; do you think we could stay silent?"
"Kamito..."
Ellis's face turned bright red and she tightly pressed down on her chest.
—At that moment.
"Hey, I can't believe you came. Kazehaya Kamito."
The elementalist before his eyes raised his voice. For some reason, it was an irritating voice.
"...Who are you? Why do you know my name?"
"Your name is famous, you know. You're the same as me, a male elementalist."
"What!?"
The elementalist before his eyes slowly took off his overcoat with a hood.
At that moment, all of them at that place gulped.
Coming to sight from under the overcoat was—
His dark brown skin, which had tattoos applied all over his body; with glaring and shining red eyes, it was – a boy.
"Such a thing... don't tell me, there are male elementalists other than Kamito!?"
Claire raised a surprised voice.
It wasn't— a girl disguised as a boy.
Not just his voice and face, no matter how one looked at that physique, it was that of a male.
(This guy, who on earth... No, leaving that aside now –)
Before Kamito's eyes, the injured Knight girls had collapsed.
"—Was this done by you?"
"Yeah. However, I didn't kill them. That lot was raised in a lenient miniature garden and isn't worth killing."
"What did you say!?"
"Calm down, Ellis, it's just a cheap provocation."
Ellis grinded her teeth and whispered near Kamito's ear.
"Be careful, Kazehaya Kamito. He has a double contract with spirits."
"A double contract?"
A double contract was, in other words, contracts with two spirits at the same time.
By using several spirits, one could compensate for the weakness of his battle style.
However, exchanging contracts with several spirits would only have demerits in most cases.
The fellow contracted spirits caused interference, thus it became impossible to manifest their original powers.
Kamito was certainly in that situation right now. As the contract with the darkness spirit was not broken, it ended up shutting out Est's power, who was originally an even more powerful spirit.
"...A male spirit contracter. In addition, a double contractor?"
"Yeah, the spirits he's using are close-combat type Wolf Fang and far-range attack Blast Gear."
Ellis nodded.
"Hey, could you overlook this for today? I don't have the mood to fight you now."
"What was that?"
Kamito frowned at the boy, who waved his hand flutteringly like he was making fun of him.
"As long as I obtain this, that's fine."
The boy took out a small black lithograph from his chest pocket to show them.
"What is that?"
"The classified materials of the seal specification that I stole from the academy library. By using a special spirit device, it is filled with high density information that can be deciphered."
While arming herself with her demon lance of wind, Ellis muttered.
"The classified materials of the seal specification? Why did you steal such –"
At that moment, a leather whip flew aimed at the boy's hand.
It was Claire's surprise attack. Had it been foreseen? The boy easily dodged the whip—
"—Kamito, Ellis!"
"Ahh!"
Before Claire shouted, the both of them were moving.
"Tch, every one of them are one stupid lot—"
"You bastard—"
Feeling that her comrades of the Knights were insulted, Ellis was enraged.
She swung her Ray Hawk perfectly horizontally – the wind blades, dancing boisterously, severed the roadside trees.
"Huh, another charge? You have no ingenuity!"
As he dodged the raging wind blades, the boy jumped.
He had a superhuman jumping power. In a manner of passing each other with movements like those of a shadow, he drove a counter punch into Ellis's stomach, who came charging.
"Guu—"
"Ellis!"
Kamito shouted.
(With just one strike to that Ellis...)
The boy, who made Ellis faint, had already jumped into the darkness.
"Don't escape!"
Claire immediately let loose her Flame Tongue. Beautifully drawing an arc, the red hot killing brandish stood out vividly in the black night.
A sculpture, modeled after the appearance of the spirit lord, was severed in an instant and was blasted with a flashy sound.
Kamito took a stance with Terminus Est and jumped into the rising cloud of dust.
The attack just now shouldn't have made a direct hit. He searched for the enemy's figure by his presence—
At that moment, bloodlust was felt from behind.
Kamito immediately jumped sideways. The killing flash of a dagger mowed down at the place where his head was a moment ago.
The boy stepped in without a sound. He didn't give him a chance to get some distance between them.
There were no wasted movements— It was like those movements from Silent Killing.
(This guy – he's a professional assassin!?)
Kamito barely stopped the blow of the drawn sword, flashing in the darkness, with his sword.
At that moment, there was a strong impact to his stomach. A strong punch was thrown and Kamito's stance crumbled. An assassin's dagger swooped over – but Kamito knocked off the dagger with the bottom of his fist and rolled on the ground with the force, getting some distance.
"Hey, aren't you pretty good, as expected of the strongest blade dancer."
"What!?"
Kamito's eyes widened in surprise.
(This guy, does he know my true identity!?)
In that moment's opening, when his consciousness went astray, the boy smiled and came jumping once again.
There were no weapons in his hands. Kamito was armed with Terminus Est—
"—Manifest, FalchionSword Spirit!"
"Wha!?"
A violent firework exploded. Terminus Est, which was horizontally mowed down on, was repelled.
What the boy was holding in his hand was a large blue shining sword.
It wasn't an ordinary sword— It was an elemental waffe of a sword spirit.
"His third contracted spirit!?"
He had crossed swords several times with elementalists that used two spirits at the same time.
However, he had not heard of anything like an elementalist using a third or more spirits.
"This isn't something to be that surprised about. The Demon King Solomon was said to have used seventy-two spirits, you know."
"Don't mess around... that's just a legend—"
"What if the existence of that legend was now right before your eyes?"
The boy warped his lips into a smile.
"I am Jio Inzagi – The one who will succeed the Demon King."
"Kamito, get away!"
At that moment, countless fireballs were released from behind. It was Claire's spirit magic.
Kamito immediately reacted and jumped.
It was a downpour of fireballs. However, the boy –Jio Inzagi held out his hand with a calm composure.
"—Manifest, AerialWind Spirit!"
A lump of compressed wind was released radically.
The violent whirling wind erased the fireballs and blew away the surrounding rubble together with Kamito.
(Aerial...His fourth spirit!?)
Jio's shadow appeared right above Kamito, who looked surprised.
At the same time as releasing Aerial, he had used that force and jumped.
The edge of the sword spirit in his hand shone silver.
"Die—Ren AshbellStrongest Blade Dancer."
"...!?"

Towards Kamito's heart, the tip of a shining sword approached—
At that moment, a pebble came flying from the side.
"Tch—"
Jio repelled that off reflexively, and at that moment—
A flash like broad daylight filled his field of vision.
Jio, whose eyes were disoriented, lost his sword and it pierced the ground.
Kamito quickly regained his stance—
Katsun! –There was a dry sound. A smashed transparent stone fell at Kamito's feet.
(...This is a spirit crystal?)
Kamito was taken aback and turned around.
Over there—
"Hey, I wonder, could you please not forget about me?"
Fianna was standing with her hands at her waist.
He might have noticed that her voice was trembling.
And yet, Fianna stoutheartedly glared at the enemy before her – Jio Inzagi.
There were 3 spirit crystals held in her hand. Every piece had a flash spirit sealed in it.
The appearance definitely looked flashy, but its attack power was almost nonexistent; it was only usable as a distraction at best.
It was possible to take him by surprise just now, but he was probably not an opponent who would fall for such a childish trick again.
Jio Inzagi slowly turned towards Fianna.
Being watched by his glaring and shining red eyes, Fianna's shoulders trembled.
"Hey, were you the one who hindered me?"
"He is mine. Get your hands off him."
"I see—"
Jio faced her directly and held out his hand.
"—Manifest, Shining RayDemon Light Spirit"
A spear of ominous light was born from that hand – he had decided to aim at Fianna's heart.
"Ah—"
Fianna – couldn't even move.
Like a prey glared at by a predator.
The spirit crystals held in her palms fell out. Her fingertips were trembling due to the fear.
"No, it's the same as that day—"
She had a flashback.
Four years ago, when she stood before her, that day.
That day when she tasted the fear of hopelessness, when Fianna's heart had broken.
She had planned on firmly opposing him and drawing out her courage, but her body's trembling wouldn't stop.
"Then, die—"
Jio threw the light spear.
"Fianna!"
Claire launched her Flame Tongue, but it wouldn't make it in time with that distance.
Fianna closed her eyes. A moment later, she resigned herself to her coming death.
However—
"...Eh?"
The pain of her heart being pierced that should have been there wasn't there.
When she opened her eyes—
"Kamito-kun?"
Kamito was before her eyes with his arms opened, and he had stopped the light spear with his left hand.
Red blood trickled down from his pierced palm.
"Whoa, I've misjudged you. You covered for such a useless person."
"Shut up... Fianna is our comrade."
Kamito groaned in order to suppress the pain, and genuflected on that spot.
"That's fine, if you want to die so much, then I'll immediately kill—"
"I won't let you, that guy is my slave!"
At that moment, the Flame Tongue released by Claire attacked Jio.
The crimson flames licked the ground. Jio clicked his tongue and jumped.
—At that moment, the sound of clattering armors and helmets was heard in the distance.
It seemed that having heard the sound of a battle, a reinforcement of a large group of Knights had come.
"Tch, in this situation, I'll pardon you. I've already obtained the target materials."
"You won't escape!"
"Claire, don't chase him too far!"
Kamito stopped Claire, who was about to pursue him.
"...Kamito, is your injury alright?"
"Ahh, it isn't a big ... Ouch!"
"Id-Idiot, don't overdo it!"
Claire supported Kamito, who was struggling with the pain, by his back.
"A male elementalist the same as you... that guy, who on earth is he?"
"Yeah...Fianna?"
Kamito noticed something and turned around.
The backlash of the tension being resolved had caused Fianna to collapse at that spot suddenly like a thread snapping.

—Four years ago, it was the day when the still young girl's heart was completely broken.
Flames were rising one by one all over the shrine.
The flames emitted black smoke and thunderously blazed. There were the screams of the disordered guards.
On that day, at the shrine, where the Elemental Lord was worshipped, a major event that shook the empire was occurring.
The Fire Queen suddenly flew a banner of revolt and stole the LaevateinStrongest Flame Spirit from the shrine.
The likes of the Empire's Spirit Knights couldn't even prove to be her opponent. The raging Laevatein wielded a gigantic flaming demon sword and was simply mowing down the spirits blocking its way.
Inside the whirling flames and black smoke, a girl was running alone.
The «Divine Ritual Institute»'s princess maidens, who were packed into the bedrooms, were already escaping towards the outside.
However, the girl's running wasn't to escape.
It was to stop her.
Her senior maiden—Rubia Elstein, who she adored like an elder sister and had admired from her heart.
(It has to be some sort of mistake. Rubia-sama wouldn't do—)
The girl was out of breath and finally reached the entrance of the shrine.
The fire Queen was— over there.
Her red hair fluttered in the surging violent winds and in that hand of hers was a sword of blazing scarlet flames.
In the dead of night, her face, shined upon by the light of the flames, was no less than extremely beautiful.
"Rubia-sama."
The girl gulped.
She came all the way to stop her and yet—
Before that oh-so terrible blood lust, simply standing took all she had.
However, she strained her voice bravely.
She had to stop her. That was the duty of one born into the royal family.
"Do not— get in my way."
The Fire Queen warned with an emotionless voice.
Her ruby pupils, carrying red hot flames, looked down on the girl before her like shooting through her.
"No, Rubia-sama. There's no way I will allow you to pass through here."
Glaring firmly back at those eyes, the girl recited the Spirit language summoning.
"—Thou, servant of the king of the child of man, knight and master swordsman!"
"—By the contract of the old blood, become the sword that protects me, come forth and do my bidding!"
The girl's contracted spirit was a high ranking holy spirit, which had served the Ordesia royal family for generations.
Even if she couldn't win, she should be able to roughly stall for some time—
—That was what she thought.
However.
"I said don't get in my way."
At that moment, the Fire Queen swung the sword of scarlet flames held in her hand.
In just a moment. A red killing-flash occurred, the summoned holy spirit was wrapped in a red hot conflagration and vanished.
"Wh...at..."
*Thump*. The girl collapsed on her knees at that spot.
It was painful to breathe. Her throat had a cramp and she couldn't even gasp.
The cause was the contracted spirit she had put perfect trust in.
The strongest knight, who always protected her since she was young, vanished too quickly.
"N-No, help me please..."
The hopeless fear crushed the heart of the girl, who was overflowing with confidence, into small pieces.
Throwing off all her pride as a royalty, the girl just shed tears and begged.
The one who was there was neither the empire's second princess, nor the elite princess maiden of the «Divine Ritual Institute».
It was merely a powerless girl.
The Fire Queen bent over her waist gently. The girl's whole body trembled with just that.
"Fianna Ray Ordesia— Never appear before me again."
She whispered that close to her ears, and then went on, disappearing into the middle of the blazing flames.

"...!?"
Fianna jumped up from the bed.
Her rough breathing would not settle. Unpleasant perspiration was causing her undergarments to cling closely to her skin.
"A dream..."
After muttering and regulating her breathing, she tightly grabbed the bed sheet.
It was Claire's room in the Raven Class' dormitory. The morning sunlight was shining in from the window.
It seemed that she had slept with her uniform on. It couldn't be said that it was comfortable enough to sleep in, but the uniform of the «Divine Ritual Institute», which incorporated the holy attribute, had the effect of fatigue recovery.
(My secret, looks like it hasn't been exposed...)
Slightly easing open her chest area, Fianna breathed a sigh of relief.
—And then, she recalled. It was about yesterday night.
(If he hadn't protected me at that moment, right now I would have been—)
She bit her lips and put strength into her hand grabbing the sheet.
(...It's the same as that day. In the end, I couldn't do anything.)
At that moment, the room's door suddenly opened—
"Fianna... you've awoken?!"
"Kyaa!?"
Fianna reflexively screamed and quickly concealed her exposed bosom.
"M-My bad!"
Flustered, Kamito averted his eyes.
"W-Why did you suddenly enter..."
"Sorry... I had the same experience with waking an ojou-sama, who always oversleeps."
As Kamito scratched his head, he apologized. His face was spread with the color of weariness.
"Your hand's injury, is it alright?"
"Ah, it's no big deal. Claire had already called for the medical team after all."
With a flutter, Kamito waved his left hand, that had been pierced by the spirit, to show her.
It certainly looked like his wound had been healed, but that expression of his looked like he was still in pain and enduring it.
"I'm sorry, it's because of me. Because I meddled unnecessarily."
"No, Fianna, if you hadn't used the spirit crystal at that time, I'd have been done for. Thank you for saving me. About the spirit crystal of releasing, isn't it unreasonably high priced?"
"I-It's nothing special, who do you think I am?"
"I see...you are the former royal princess."
As Kamito wryly smiled, he sat beside the bed.
(...N-No way, why is my face so hot, I wonder.)
Fianna's heart was racing.
(I'm just trying to use him and yet.)
For her face to not be seen directly for some reason, Fianna drew her hands near to her knees and looked down.
"About yesterday's intruder, it seems the Sylphid Knights are in the middle of investigating. The teachers also seem to be moving in a fluster, however, the plan is for us to go investigate Mine Town as planned."
Kamito cut his sentence there—
"That's—it. Before we go for the quest, I have to talk to you."
"Isn't it still early to propose?"
"...Don't make fun of me. You know it, right? About that matter."
Kamito said with a frowning tone, and *kata*, a small sound was heard outside.
Fianna smirked. It was the same as a girl's face when thinking of messing around.
Upon brushing her glamorous black hair, she gently drew her lips close to Kamito's ear—
"I understand. With just the two of us, at a place where Claire isn't around, you have something important to talk about."
"Hn? Ah, that is so, but..."
It was a manner of speech that had something unclear— Kamito frowned and at that moment...
*Bam*— The room's door suddenly opened.
"Hey, Kamito, with just the two of you, at a place where I'm not around, what important thing do you have to talk about?"
*Gogogogogogogogo...!*
"Claire!? W-Wait, you misunderstood, the words just now were by no means a conversation like that—"
"Scarlet!"
When Claire called out its name, a red-hot hellcat appeared from an empty space.
"Y-Y-You have two choices... Roasted or smoked?!"
"—Fianna, let's run away!"
"Eh...Kyaa!"
Kamito gently carried Fianna, kicked open the room's window and jumped.
"Ah, y-you got away, wait up!"
The academy courtyard was hazy with the morning mist.
Rinslet Laurenfrost took her maid and wolf for a morning walk.
"Carol, let's have breakfast at the dining hall?"
"Yes, milady."
Carol nodded, seemingly happy. The white wolf walking beside her also howled.
Contrary to its ferocious-looking appearance, this wolf surprisingly made round and cute eyes. It was the high-ranked demon ice spirit «Fenrir», which had served the Laurenfrost family for generations.
Walking a contracted spirit wasn't something that unusual.
The spirits particularly like walking in the forest. The «Spirit Forest» surrounding the academy was an environment of exceedingly good feeling to the spirits that manifested in this world.
Girls from the Knights were running in a fluster in the academy corridors surrounding the courtyard.
"What? It's been noisy since morning."
"It seems that a thief broke into the academy last night, milady."
"To creep into this academy, that's a brave thief— Ah?"
Frowning suddenly, Rinslet raised her voice.
Kamito was walking towards the Spirit Forest from the academy building.
Kamito was leading a shockingly pretty girl.
"Ah, it's Kamito-sama. The girl beside him is, if I'm not mistaken, the newly admitted student, Fianna-san?"
"..."
Rinslet pouted her lips, seemingly sullen.
"I wonder why, my chest is somewhat surging with anger."
"Ah, milady, do you dislike Kamito-sama?"
"Yes, I hate him! That distinction-lacking person!"
"However, milady, you seem pretty concerned about Kamito-sama."
"I-I just want to steal Claire Rouge's slave!"
Rinslet's face turned red and she turned away.
—And then, over there, she spotted the appearance of another acquaintance and frowned.
Just right at that moment, Claire came out from the Raven Class dormitory's outer gate.
She somewhat looked strange and was tottering with an unusually depressed expression.
Even her prided red twintail was now dejectedly dangling.
"What on earth happened?"
Rinslet muttered, seemingly worried.
(...She may be my rival, but as expected I cannot abandon her.)
Even if they always quarrel, she was worried about her childhood friend one way or another.
Leaving behind Carol and Fenrir at that spot, Rinslet quietly approached from behind.
"W-Why he— are such big breasts good? Those lumps of fat..."
"What's with breasts, Claire Rouge?"
"...! Ri-Rinslet!?"
Claire was taken aback and screamed.
"Aren't your breasts being deplorable a usual thing?"
"S-Shut up... Well, that's enough. Besides that, have you seen Kamito?"
"Kamito-san, I happened to see him some time ago. He was walking with a girl, just the two of them."
"W-What was that?!"
"They went towards the forest direction. If you run after them, you can still make it."
Claire... groaned.
"I-I don't care about such a guy! I hope he dies by suffocation while being buried in breasts!"
"Hey, Claire, what on earth happened?"
Rinslet inquired, seemingly puzzled.
Claire tightly bit her lips—
"Rinslet, hide your shame and listen... W-Why are my breasts small?"
Rinslet kindly smiled at Claire, whose face bashfully reddened.
"You are not at all at fault. It's just that your deplorable breasts are at fault. Besides, so-called maniac men who like those also exist in society."
"Rinslet, didn't you say something earth-shatteringly rude under the pretense of comforting me?"
"It was just your imagination."
Rinslet nonchalantly said.
"It'd be fine if I could share and give my breast to you, however..."
She muttered— suddenly, Rinslet recalled an article that she read from some magazine.
"Claire, I remembered a method to enlarge your breasts."
"Eh?"
Claire gazed at Rinslet with eyes full of anticipation for a moment.
...However, she instantly shook her head.
"...L-Lies, there's no way such a method exists. I heard a rumor that the legendary large breast spirit had been seen in the «Spirit Forest» in the older days and went hunting, but even that was a false rumor."
"Eh, y-you were doing such a shameful thing?"
Rinslet was, as expected, a little drawn back.
"S-Shut up... That's enough. I'll hear you out about that method."
"Ahem." Claire coughed and said.
She took an attitude as if she didn't seem interested, but her keen interest had been found out.
Hmm. Rinslet placed her hand at her chin.
(...This is perhaps something I can use as a trade.)
It seemed that Claire's worries were not something very serious.
If that's the case, she felt like it was a waste to just give the information to her rival.
(...That reminds me, Claire's team entered into an S rank quest.)
Rinselt recalled about the thing she casually heard from Carol yesterday.
"It's alright even if I tell you. However, it is just difficult to do it for free."
"W-What?"
"I also want to have the privilege of joining Team Scarlet's current quest."
"...Huh? Why are you coming along?!"
"It is unfair that only you guys get to go on a trip. Besides, it will be troubling for my manservant to be tamed as you please at a place where my eyes can't reach."
"It isn't a trip; it's a quest. To begin with, Kamito isn't your manservant."
Claire bluntly shook her head. It was natural. If the number of people participating in the quest increased, then the ranking points given per person would also end up decreasing after all.
"I see, in that case, it's regretful, but I am unable to tell you the method to enlarge your breasts."
"Guu..."
Claire, seemingly vexed, gritted her teeth.
For a few seconds, she sternly glared at Rinslet—
"...I-I get it."
Eventually, she sighed as she gave up.
"You may come along. However, forming a team with you is something temporary."
"Th-That's obvious! Who would join a team like yours?!"
During that time, Kamito and Fianna had gone deep into the «Spirit Forest».
At night, it was a forest of darkness with the squirming of nasty spirits, but during the day, it gave off the same feeling as a sacred shrine. Such was the «Spirit Forest»: a place with a two-faced nature.
(That reminds me, I met Claire here...)
...That was, in many ways, the worst kind of meeting, though.
"To walk in the middle of the trees with just the two of us, it's just like a date."
"This isn't a place suited for a date. There are spirits that the eyes can't see drifting all over the place."
"It's fine. If I had to say so, then I'm more the type that gets fired up being seen."
"...Wh... Pr-Princesses don't say such a thing!"
"It's a joke. What are you getting red for?"
While having such a conversation, the two of them emerged into a clearing in the middle of the forest.
He didn't have to worry about anyone hearing about their chat.
"Well then, I have one thing I want to ask—"
"My underwear's color is black."
"Don't go ahead and answer. That's not it, I don't plan to ask such a question."
Kamito retorted with deadpan eyes. It was not good for him to be dragged into the princess's pace.
"Ahem", he coughed and gazed straight into Fianna's eyes—
"Why do you know my true identity?"
"..."
There were a few seconds of silence.
And then, she calmly sighed.
The color of disappointment that she couldn't conceal surfaced on her face.
"...Hey, are you really unable to remember?"
"Sorry, but I don't have a princess acquaintance."
Fianna sighed again at Kamito's reply.
She puffed her cheeks, rather than being shocked, he felt like she was angry.
"Hint one, do you remember anything looking at this forest?"
"The forest?"
"Yes, «Astral Zero's» forest."
Astral Zero... There was something stuck in Kamito's mind.
"Hint two, the «Blade Dance»"
"Blade Dance, you mean the one three years ago? ...Don't tell me, you're an opponent from one of the blade dances!?"
"Hint three, hair style!"
Shouting in an irritated voice, Fianna tied up her hair with both hands.
She wore her glamorous black hair on both sides, that face—
"Ah!"
Kamito spontaneously raised his voice.
"...I-I remember!"
Three years ago, she was the girl he saved when she was being attacked by a spirit in the Astral Zero forest.
Certainly, Kamito got seen when he wasn't wearing his female clothing at that time.
"The girl from that day was you, Fianna!"
"...Yes, jeez."
Fianna pouted her lips as though she was peevish.
"Err, but, your atmosphere is greatly different..."
Kamito spoke ambiguously. It was not that he remembered it that vividly, but at least she wasn't such a grown-up girl.
"What, Kamito-kun, you too have changed pretty much."
"Various things happened."
Kamito awkwardly averted his eyes.
His line of sight unconsciously fixed on his left hand covered by leather glove.
—Three years ago was when just about everything changed.
After all, it was that day he lost her, reaching his hand out to the «Wish» that should have never been wished for.
"Despite promising to meet again, despite me waiting all this time. You disappeared."
"...Sorry."
Kamito honestly apologized.
Fianna placed her hands on her waist, and sighed in disappointment.
"It's fine, I'll forgive you. I'm offended that you completely forgot about me, but well, that's it. To you, it was only one girl you saved by chance."
"But hey—", she desolately muttered.
Suddenly, she pushed her soft fingertip gently onto Kamito's lips.
"You're really my first love."
"Wh...!?"
"It's a joke."
"...Wh-Why you."
Kamito glared with a deadpan look and Fianna giggled.
"I see, you're the girl from that time..."
However, even if—
Why on earth did she come approaching Kamito? That reason was not clear.
"Fianna, why did you come to this academy?"
"Of course, it's to kiss my beloved Kamito-kun."
"...Don't you feel embarrassed saying that?"
"Y-Yes...that just now was a little embarrassing."
Fianna turned red and looked downwards. ...Well, she'll do it.
"I came here because I heard about Kamito-kun."
"About me?"
"Yeah, a few days ago, I heard a rumor from my castle-serving butler. That there was a male elementalist, who defeated a rampaging militarized spirit. After investigating, that name—"
"Was my name, the one, who disappeared three years ago."
"That's it. Although, I knew intuitively just from the male elementalist part."
"Then, why did you come to meet me?"
"Th-That's to kiss with Kamito-kun—"
"No, that's enough."
Kamito interrupted and Fianna was a little sullen as she kept silent.
And then, she calmly opened her mouth.
"I thought of threatening you with the secret of your past and forcibly getting to join your team."
"What do you mean?"
"If I was in the same team as Ren AshbellStrongest Blade Dancer, the strongest blade dancer, I thought that I could win this time's Blade Dance."
"...I see. That means that those unnatural seductive methods were also part of your plan?"
"Err... I-I got exposed."
"Your acting was too unnatural. Well, I think you did your best."
At any rate, she was a real princess and through rigid ways, she was a famous «Divine Ritual Institute» princess maiden. In relation to such a field, in a certain way, she was a girl more innocent than this academy's ojou-samas.
"However, don't misunderstand! D-Doing such a thing is something I've only done to you, Kamito-kun!"
"No, such a follow-up is troubling..."
Kamito moaned with a deadpan look and sighed.
"However, why do you plan on entering the «Blade Dance»?"
"That's..."
Fianna made a perplexed-like expression—
"Isn't it obvious? If I win the Blade Dance, I'll have all the status and honor I desire. Everyone, who was ridiculing me —The Lost Queen, useless princess— will have to recognize me."
"...I see."
—That was a lie. Kamito had a hunch. That was not the true reason.
Her cold pupils were similar to Claire's, carrying a strong will towards their goal.
With such a reason, she shouldn't be able to have such eyes.
"Hey, Kamito-kun. You aren't angry?"
"Hn, why?"
"After all, I'm trying to use you."
Kamito shrugged his shoulders at the princess, who became serious at a strange time.
"It's nothing, Greyworth always uses me. On top of that, Claire gives me the slave treatment. Even if such people increase by one or two, it makes no difference."
"It seems even that Ren AshbellStrongest Blade Dancer has it hard in various things."
Fianna bitterly smiled, at that moment—
"You guys, what are you doing there?!"
The thicket rustled and a cold voice resounded.
He turned around and a girl, whose face he recognized, appeared from the other side of the thicket.
"Ellis?"
"...Oh, it's Kamito."
Ellis took a breath of relief and sheathed her sword. Then, she pushed through the thicket and walked towards his direction.
Immediately from behind, Rakka and Reishia from the Knights appeared.
"Ellis, what's the matter? Why are you in the middle of the forest?"
"Those are our words. Because of yesterday's intruder, the Knights are being strained. I'll want you to be discreet with your own actions."
Immediately, Ellis's line of sight moved towards Fianna, who stood behind Kamito.
Her expression immediately turned stern.
"Y-You guys, what are you doing at such a place with just the two of you!"
Before Kamito knew it, a sword was pressing near his throat.
...As always, it was a god-speed sword draw.
"No way, you guys—"
"How dumb, isn't there only one thing a boy and a girl of age could do in the middle of the forest."
"Wh-What was that!?"
Ellis's face got dyed bright red at Fianna's words.
The sword's edge was raised with a jerk.
"Oi, Fianna!?"
Kamito shouted, but Fianna feigned ignorance.
"Th-The academy doesn't have a rule that prohibits illicit sexual relationships. At any rate, the opposite sex isn't here, after all. However, even if the rules allow it, the Knights won't! What were you doing, say it!"
"Well, what did we do? However, isn't it generally like your imagination?"
Fianna pressed her breasts tightly onto Kamito's arm.
Ellis's eyes increasingly rose with danger.
"Fianna, why do you always make pretenses, which is like pouring oil onto the fire!?"
"Ev-Even though I'd gotten a slightly better opinion of you..., you insolent person!"
She swung her sword.
Kamito jumped back in a fluster to avoid that merciless attack.
"Wa-Wait, Ellis! Knights, please come, there's a murdering demon here!"
"You fool, I am a Knight!"
"I said it in irony!"
Kamito shouted.
"Captain, you're wasting your time."
Rakka placed her hand on Ellis's shoulder.
"Apologies, whenever our captain is before you, she gets emotionally unstable."
"...Th-That's not true!"
Ellis's face turned bright red and she snarled at Reishia, who chuckled.
For the time being, it seemed the danger to his life had subsided. Kamito took a breath of relief.
"Jeez, Ellis, what's the matter since this morning?"
"Ah, it has been decided that we are departing to a mine for a quest. To use a light source inside the tunnel, we came to capture light attribute spirits."
The one who answered was Rakka.
That's right. They were holding lanterns inserted with small spirit crystals in their hands.
"A mine? Could it be, by any chance, the same Mine Town Gado investigation quest as us?"
"Ah, that's right. Although, we didn't have the investigation quest."
"What do you mean?"
"It is a quest newly added this morning. The details were the arrest of the assailant and the recovery of the stolen highly classified materials."
"The assailant— that Jio Inzagi brat."
He was a male elementalist, who used several contracted spirits.
He seemed to know something about that boy's goal.
"That's right. We haven't gotten hold of the brat's true identity, but the highly classified material stolen from the library was something that had recordings about the strategic-class militarized spirit, «Jormungandr», sealed in the postwar period in Mine Town Gado. It seems that there are people secretly maneuvering at the outskirts of Mine Town."
Ellis held her temper, seemingly vexed.
"It's because of Jio Inzagi —that brat— that the confidence in the Sylphid Knights fell to the ground. To restore the Knights' honor I, as the Captain, have to arrest him."
Rakka and Reishia strongly nodded to Ellis's words.
(...It seemed like it won't end as an ordinary earthquake investigation.)
A premonition passed through Kamito's mind.
There was the stolen strategic-class militarized spirit's highly classified material.
And then, there was the assailant, who somehow knew Kamito's true identity.
(Wasn't Greyworth holding on to the information regarding that assailant?)
Kamito honestly did not understand what that Dusk Witch was making him do. However, he thought about it, for Greyworth to present an S rank quest at this timing, he felt something intentional behind her actions.
(That witch...)
Kamito groaned loathsomely.
After that, he faced Ellis—
"...Hey, Ellis. Since our goals are the same, why don't you cooperate with us?"
That Jio Inzagi assailant wasn't a common opponent.
He, of course, knew about Ellis's ability, but he wasn't an opponent that could be managed with her skills.
However, Ellis decisively shook her head.
"Kamito, I appreciate your feelings, but I just can't borrow your help. This is something that the Sylphid Knights should settle."
"Well, you may think like that, but don't overdo it."
"A-Ah... you too."
Ellis turned red and faced away.
Fianna, who saw that situation, pouted her lips seemingly sullen for some reason.
At that time, Claire was hugging a pillow on her bed and writhing.
"To get the boy I li-like to rub my b-breasts!"
She shouted with her face flushed red and struck the pillow. *Posun*. *Posun*.
—To enlarge her breasts, it was best to get a gentleman she likes to rub them.
Rinslet told her that.
"Th-There's no way I can do that! Besides, a boy I li-like—"
While hugging the pillow tightly, she rolled idly on her bed...and suddenly stopped.
"..."
At that moment, Kamito's face came to Claire's mind for some reason.
Like the prince of the romance novels targeted at teens, which Claire loved reading, Kamito, in her imagination, forcibly pushed Claire down on the bed—
"Fuwaa, wh-what are you doing, idiot, pervert!"
"Surprisingly, it seems you do have breasts."
"Eh?... I-Is that so? That's not true, it's the same as usual, as usual."
"I'll make them even bigger. With this magnificent technique of mine."
"No, hey, fua, a-aa ♪"
Kamito's fingertips in her imagination tightly grabbed Claire's breasts.
One rub, two rubs, each time her breasts went expanding like a fluffy cake.
("Fua, hn, wh-what is this, how amazing...!?")
Her uniform button popped out with a snap and her underwear ripped, and then—
"...There's no way that would happen!"
Claire hit her pillow and writhed.
"Wh-What's with the magnificent technique... Am I an id-idiot or what?!"
"Nyaa?"
"Wh-What are you looking at, Scarlet!"
She faced the floor and threw the pillow, and the fire spirit escaped in a fluster.
"Ahh, I-It's all that guy's fault!"
While hugging her shoulders with both hands, she increased the pace of her breathing.
(...What do I do, I've somehow begun feeling hot. I wonder if I have a fever.)
Her body was hot for some reason. Claire placed both hands on her cheeks and was struck with an idea.
(...I-I wonder if they'll become big, if I rub them myself.)
"I-I shall try it out..."
With her fingertips, she held her own breasts just a little.
"Ah, hn..."
She involuntarily let out a voice due to the light numb-like sensation.
(Wh-What do I do...it somehow feels good.)
*Funyuu*. *Funyuu*.
"Fua, ah, hn, no, this... is not good and yet, hn."
She was rubbing her breasts in a half conscious state—
*Gacha*— the sound of the room's door opening resounded.
"...Y-You, what are you doing?"
Kamito was standing with a puzzled-looking face.
"...Fua!? N-No, this isn't what it looks like!"
Immediately following what she said, countless fireballs released by Claire blew Kamito away.
With this and that, it was one hour later. At the plaza in front of the gate, Kamito was preparing for the departure.
It wasn't a place that far from the academy. It was a distance that wouldn't take a day riding through the highway by horse.
It seemed that Ellis's team had already departed. As for the girls, who were receiving the wind spirit's divine protection, they should be able to reach there even earlier.
Equipping Est on his waist, who had transformed into her sword form, he was confirming the equipment.
"I am late, Kamito-san."
A platinum blond ojou-sama came leading a horse.
"Eh, Rinslet's also coming?"
Kamito asked Claire.
"Yeah, it was a high grade strategic trade. In exchange for the important piece of information she held, I allowed her to join the quest this time."
"Important information? What's that?"
"It is a se-secret... it's an important piece of information after all, it can't be told to someone like you."
"Certainly, it's an important piece of information to you. A method to enlarge your breasts—!"
"Hey, Rinslet Laurenfrost, do you want to turn to cinders?"
"Hey, Claire, your eyes, your eyes are serious!"
Rinslet backed off.
"Ah, I'm worried, milady. To go to such a dangerous place."
At her side, Carol, the maid, was worrying about her master with her hands put together like she was praying.
As she was not an elementalist, she naturally couldn't join the quest. She was a care-taker at the academy.
"It is alright, Carol. I am worried about you instead."
Rinslet hugged her brave maid who had affection for her master.
"I wonder if you can wake up alone in the morning even when I'm not around. Eat precisely three meals. For the washing, take care not to let it be covered in bubbles again."
"Yes, milady, I will do my best even if milady isn't around."
"...No, that is strange."
Kamito retorted to the two of them, who were somehow getting excited, with a deadpan look.
"By any chance, could Carol be a terribly no-good maid?"
Thereupon, Rinslet sternly turned around and glared at Kamito.
"What are you saying? It is fine as long as a maid is cute!"
"Well, if you're alright with that, it's fine, however..."
(Or perhaps I should say that Rinslet is truly a perfect superwoman at all housework!?)
...It was surprisingly beyond the truth.
"The meals milady makes are very delicious."
"Carol, you should also do some work..."
Kamito was amazed at the no-good maid.
"St-Stop, I said stop, didn't I!"
Such a scream was heard from behind.
Kamito turned around and Fianna, who was on the horse, was being swung about—
"Kyaa!"
*Thud!* Her butt fell to the ground. It seemed that her reflexes weren't very good.
"Jeez, despite being a royal princess, you can't ride a horse? Horse riding is a noble's basic knowledge?"
"The me-method to ride a horse wasn't taught at the «Divine Ritual Institute»!"
While beating off the mud stuck on her skirt, Fianna answered back.
"Horseback combat practice is a required subject in the academy, it's something you have to get used to. Well, with those breasts, it might be difficult to keep your balance though?"
"Yes, that's right. As I do not have aero breasts[3] that don't catch air resistance like yours, I may certainly be unsuited for riding a horse. Since I catch air resistance, that is."
"Wh...a-aero breasts, what?! Don't make up new words!"
Rinslet came around at the spot where the two were quarreling.
Brushing her platinum blond hair, she faced Fianna and smiled.
"I'm Rinslet Laurenfrost, I'm pleased to make your acquaintance from now on. And, as Kazehaya Kamito is my manservant, could you please not make a move on him as you wish?"
"Ah, I don't plan on making a move on him. Since he's your manservant, how about you properly discipline him?"
"You can sure use your words, your Highness... hohoho."
"Fufufu..."
Between the two of them, sparks were scattering.
"You girls..."
Kamito, who was on the horse, was astounded and sighed.
Fianna turned towards Kamito's direction and an impish smile surfaced.
"Hey, as I can't ride a horse, Kamito will give me a ride."
"Uh?"
Before Kamito answered, Fianna had jumped behind him.
"Wh...!"
"Come on!"
Claire and Rinslet raised their voice simultaneously.
Fianna wrapped her hands around Kamito's waist and tightly embraced him.
*Fuyon*, the sensation of her soft breasts touching him was felt.
"W-Why me? Have Claire or Rinslet give you a ride."
"I want to be given a ride by Kamito. Or, do you want your true identity exposed?"
"Guu..."
"N-No, that's no good!"
Claire struck the ground with a whip with a snap.
"Ah, why?"
"Wh-Why...? A-At any rate, that's no good!"
"Even if you're a royal princess, that's unfair!"
Rinslet also sullenly puffed her cheeks.
...He didn't understand very well what was unfair.
"Oh dear, it seems I have many difficulties in store for me..."
Kamito deeply sighed on the horse with Fianna sitting behind him.

It was the dead of the night when, after riding their horses throughout the day, the party reached the entrance of Mine Town.
Since all the members rode here practically without rest, they were totally exhausted.
However, it wasn't possible to have a carefree rest.
"This is Mine Town Gado... It's like a ghost town."
Rinslet, who dismounted from the horse, calmly muttered.
"It's because several decades have passed since it became an abandoned mine. There should be no humans living here."
"Humans— huh."
Claire squinted her eyes staring deep into the darkness.
Bluish-white will-o'-wisps were wavering here and there near a ruin.
They were low-rank spirits that were floating about. For this sort of ruin, there were many nasty spirits gathered.
It was just like how the «Spirit Forest» was at night.
On the other side of the abandoned town, still containing countless abandoned tunnels, huge mines stood towering over the surroundings.
Gado Mine— It once produced a large quantity of spirit crystals, it was the Empire's largest mine.
During the war, the spirit crystals were dug up and exhausted, and it hadn't even been twenty years since it became an abandoned mine.
Below that mine, Jormungandrthe strategic-class militarized spirit was sleeping; sealed by the Ordesia Knights of that time.
"—By the way, you better get away from him."
Claire glared at Fianna, who was tightly clinging onto Kamito's arm.
"I don't want to, after all, Kamito-kun will protect me."
"You may be in a position to be protected. However, to begin with, what's the matter with your contracted spirit? As that elementalist might be hiding in ambush, have it in a state where you can use it immediately."
"That's—"
Fianna's words were unusually hesitant.
She tightly closed her lips and abruptly turned away.
"I-It still isn't the time. The contracted spirit of the Ordesia royal family must not be summoned so indiscreetly. It's clearly different from your cat."
"Wh-What was that...!"
The ground where the four were standing on suddenly shook greatly.
"An earthquake...!?"
"It seems like we had better hurry. I have a bad premonition."
Claire softly muttered, and in her palm, a spirit magic fire was lighted.
The place of their objective was found instantly without even searching.
At the deepest part of the main street going through the abandoned town— before the entrance of the mine, there was a gigantic grand shrine.
It was a splendid shrine that made use of several gigantic stone pillars.
A grand shrine of this scale existed only in the capital even in the Ordesia Empire.
However—
"How terrible, this..."
The grand shrine —which had its sculptures destroyed, had the spirit crystals inlaid in its stone pillar robbed and had once entertained the spirits— had transformed into a ruin that was even tragic to look at.
"How strange—"
The one, who noticed the unusual phenomenon, was Fianna, who had received training as Queen.
"What's strange?"
"This shrine, despite being in such ruins, shows traces of someone taking the trouble to perform a ritual. Furthermore, many times over the period of these several months."
"Ritual?"
Nodding at Claire, who was frowning, with a serious face, Fianna kneeled onto the ground.
It seemed that she was looking for footprints and traces of scrape marks and so forth that were on the stone paving.
"This dance— is probably the Ritual of Releasing. It seems that it was more or less arranged, though."
"The Ritual of Releasing..."
Kamito groaned in a low tone.
It was because he remembered how the elementalist, who was also a male elementalist just like Kamito, assailed the academy and took away the highly classified material concerning the seal specification.
(Is that brat really planning on releasing the sealed Jormungandr strategic-class militarized spirit?)
It was impossible for any kind of elementalist to control Jormungandr individually.
If that was the case, what was his goal?
At any rate, if the spirit's seal was undone, it was certain that the towns in the vicinity would be turned into scorched earth.
"Is the seal almost undone?"
"No, it's still alright. This shrine isn't the superior «true shrine»."
"The «true shrine»...? What do you mean?"
"The grand shrine here, at most, it's purpose was to camouflage the original shrine— Which should be at an important place like the mine. There were many splendid grand shrines built needlessly above ground to hide the existence of the original shrine. Of course, it doesn't mean that this shrine isn't usable, though."
"That means there's a real shrine somewhere?"
"Yes, it's mostly likely being hidden deep in the mine."
Fianna raised her head, and at that moment.
"Be careful, there's something here!"
Rinslet, who was on a lookout of their surroundings, suddenly shouted.
Kamito turned around—
In the surroundings of the shrine that the four of them were in, there was a wriggling crowd of figures of people.
"Humans? No, they're—"
"Fire, illuminate!"
Claire recited the incantation, and a spirit magic fire lit in an empty space.
The figures that were shone by the flame's light were—
"Wh-What!?"
It was a crowd of skeletons holding rusty swords and clubs in their hands.
From the gap of their bones, something like a black fog was being emitted out.
"What, are these... spirits!?"
"The skeletons that were left behind seem to be possessed by low-rank spirits."
While muttering— Kamito noticed something with a "hmm".
Claire was slightly holding onto Kamito's uniform sleeve.
"...You, by any chance, are you weak against horror-ish things like these?"
"Th-That's not it— Who do you think I am?!"
"You don't have to push yourself, look out, hold on."
"...I-It's not anything scary."
Claire, who was hiding her face while biting her lips, was a little cute.
"At any rate, it's strange—"
Normally, the so-called low-rank spirits don't possess a distinct self.
Even if there were rare times when they attacked humans, there shouldn't be a time when they formed a group like this.
"Kamito-kun, these guys, you know. They are the ones doing the ritual here."
"What was that?"
Kamito was surprised and turned around. Fianna nodded.
"The movements of those skeletons are pretty rough, but...it's just like the Ritual of Releasing."
"Don't tell me, the low-rank spirits were doing an advanced Ritual of Releasing?"
Kamito stared at the approaching figures. Now that she mentioned it, he could see that the skeletons possessed by the spirits were moving with a fixed regularity.
"No, such a thing is impossible... There has to be some practitioner manipulating the spirits."
"Well, does it mean that these guys won't come to attack us?"
Claire tightly griped Kamito's sleeve as she said that.
The group of skeletons went up the stairs of the shrine, walking in a slow manner.
"Freezing ice fang, pierce «Freezing Arrow»!"
The ice arrow, released by Rinslet, collected and mowed down the group of wriggling skeletons.
It was the high-rank demon ice spirit «Fenrir's» elemental waffe.
To an elementalist, an enemy of this level was only small fry.
From the broken skeletons, a black fog spouted out and vanished into an empty space.
"That's a darkness attribute spirit—"
Suddenly, a flash occurred in Kamito's mind.
(Don't tell me—)
He cast his sight to his left hand covered by his black leather glove.
A piercing-like pain was running in his engraved spirit seal, at that moment—
"...!?"
The sound of a terrible explosion came from the direction of the mine.
"Don't tell me the battle is beginning!?"
"Let's go, Kamito!"
Claire sounded her whip with a snap, and began running.
It was the spirit crystal mine that towered above the abandoned town. They finally arrived at its entrance—
From within the tunnel, the violent sound of weapons reverberated.
"Kamito, that—"
In the deep darkness where Claire pointed at, an intense flash occurred.
The one who was fighting, was Ellis Fahrengart, wielding her elemental waffe lance.
Her ponytail hair was fluttering in the thunderous-blowing wind.
Her appearance showed that she had her Knights armor destroyed and was covered in lacerations. From that, he could see that she had wounds all over her body.
"Ha, as expected of Captain-sama, you've entertained me considerably, haven't you?!"
A loud ear-splitting laughter resounded in the tunnel.
Before Ellis, stood a boy with glaring shiny red eyes.
Jio Inzagi— A male elementalist, who called himself the successor of the Demon King.
Rakka and Reishia, lay collapsed at his feet, injured.
"You bastard, my comrades, how dare you—"
Ellis swung her «Ray Hawk».
The tunnel wall was destroyed, and the hard bedrock was smashed up like glass.
Jio gave a shrilling laugh as he jumped up. It was not a movement possible for humans— there might be some body-strengthening-spirit possessing him.
"Hey, hey, is that it? Is being a part of the Knights, just a children's game?"
"You bastard!"
Ellis raged at the insult towards the Knights.
"Evil wind, thou, become countless blades and cut up my enemies—"
She released the power of her «Ray Hawk» — the elemental waffe of her demon wind spirit «Simorgh».
It was a spear that created blades of wind, something that tormented Kamito in their duel at the academy. Even if he were to avoid it by a paper-thin margin, the countless wind blades that were additionally invoked would cut the target into shreds—
However.
"How reckless— reflect it, Mirror WallDemon Mirror Spirit!"
The moment Jio shouted, a shiny red mirror appeared before Ellis.
When the wings of her lance of wind, clad in wind, touched the mirror surface; the countless wind blades turned to bare their teeth towards Ellis.
"...!?"
Cut up by the blades' while boisterously dancing, Ellis's body was thrown into a wall.
"—Ellis!"
Kamito ran with Terminus Est in his hand.
Having seemed to already notice their presence— Jio turned around, and sneered.
"Yo, more idiots are squirming out."
"Kamito, don't!"
Kamito's movement stopped for a moment in response to hearing Claire's voice from behind.
At that moment, an engraved spirit seal on Jio's right arm glowed—
"—It's fine till the inside of their lungs are sore, manifest, RafflesiaRotting Poison Spirit!"
A thick bluish purple smog gushed out with tremendous force.
The skin-burning smog of poison wrapped Kamito's whole body, and was invading his lungs—
"Ga, Ha...!"
Pain was running in his eyes. His throat was hot as if it was being burned.
From the gaps between his fingers covering his mouth, blood spilled out and dripped onto the ground.
(This is a poison attribute spirit... is this smog itself its elemental waffe!?)
A muttering groan echoed in the tunnel.
Bearing the burning-like pain, Kamito opened his eyes slightly.
Ellis and the two girls, flat-out bathed in the poison smog, were cowering and in agony.
"Ellis...Kuu!"
His throat muscles had a spasm, so he couldn't speak out satisfactorily. It was still possible to stand over here, but if he continued to advance, he would lose his consciousness before reaching the girls.
(...Why didn't he receive the poison?)
A wide range extermination type spirit like Rafflesia couldn't be handled normally.
As controlling it was hard, if he did it poorly, he would end up dragging himself into the smog too.
However, Jio Inzagi was calmly standing in the smog of deadly poison.
—Then, Kamito noticed it.
There was a slight wind flow in the boy's surroundings.
(...I see, he's using a wind attribute spirit at the same time!)
An elementalist that uses multiple contracted spirits— in that case, by combining the powers of the other spirits, he heard that they could also use a spirit that would be originally too much to handle.
"...Damn, isn't that almost like cheating?!"
Kamito cursed in his heart.
(If it was Rinslet's demon bow, could she shoot from outside the smog's effective range?)
He turned around and peeked behind, but—
Rinslet nocked her ice arrow, and without moving, she affixed her aim at Jio.
(—She isn't shooting?)
Rinslet's judgment was correct.
Jio was displaying Mirror WallDemon Mirror Spirit, which had reflected Ellis's elemental waffe.
If she shot poorly, she might end up finishing off Ellis and the others, who had collapsed nearby.
It seemed that Claire was standing like she was covering for Fianna, who was performing an aria with her fire attribute elemental waffe.
It was a mere second of thought, but meanwhile, the bodies of Ellis and the others were being eaten into by the poison.
(Damn...)
His body was experiencing a burning-like irritation.
—At that moment.
In the dark tunnel, a faint rumbling resounded.
(Ellis!?)
"Oh...winds, mow down my enemies— «Wind Bombs»!"
At that moment, the lump of violent wind released blew away the fog of poison without leaving a trace.
And then—
"Haa, Haa...ka...haa!"
Ellis pierced her demon lance of wind onto the ground, and stood up.
Her stab-proof uniform was cut up, and her whole body was full of wounds.
Both her legs, which were covered in her torn stockings, were having severe cramps.
Even so, the appearance of her standing up frigidly and firmly was—
Beautiful to the extent that he was spontaneously charmed.
Ellis prepared her elemental waffe lance, then she glared at Jio and declared in a hoarse voice.
"Putting the pride of the Sylphid Knights on the line, even if I lose... you will be defeated!"
"That hurt... you death escapee."
Jio, who received a direct hit from the violent wind, warped his lips, and clicked his tongue.
"If that's the case, I'll beat you to death as you wish!"
The spirit seals engraved on Jio's whole body ominously glowed—
"—Like I'll let you!"
At the same time as Kamito moved away, two blasts of fireballs were released towards Jio.
It was Claire covering him. In the moment when Jio repelled the fireballs, Kamito took his chance and accelerated— drawing close to Jio.
And then, hacking down the very space Jio was in, Kamito mowed down directly horizontally with Terminus Est.
*Gaa*— The bedrock, touched by the sword's tip, was smashed up.
"Haa, don't make such a scary face, hey!"
Jio, who dodged the sword swing, jumped up and landed on a rocky area that was about to collapse.
Without pursuing, Kamito went straight towards Ellis and the others.
Ellis was out of breath, and seemed like she was going to collapse at any time.
"Ellis, are you alright? I'll lend—"
"D-Don't do something... unnecessary."
When he tried to lend her help when she wobbled, she shook off his hand.
"I do not need all of your—"
"Don't be stubborn about trivial things, think about them."
Ellis's facial expression stiffened. Rakka and Reshia had collapsed on the ground. They seemed to be alive, but if they were left like that, their lives would be in danger.
Ellis herself was in a condition where all she could do was just barely stand.
"Guu...Kazehaya Kamito, I owe you a debt."
"It isn't something like a loan. It's natural to help my comrades."
"...!"
Ellis's cheeks reddened at Kamito's words.
Laying the injured Ellis by the wall for her to rest, Kamito fixed his sights on Jio.
"You, how dare you—"
Ellis Fahrengart— She was a girl with a strong sense of justice, with her seriousness and her bravery.
Just by looking at her injured appearance, his anger surged and seemed to overflow.
"Don't get in my way, it was the long-awaited part where I beat that impertinent girl to death."
Jio smirked as he slowly got off the rocky area.
"—I'm relieved."
Kamito wielded his sword and glared at Jio.
"If it's a nasty rascal like you, I can seriously beat you up."
"Haa, aren't you saying something! It's too bad, but it's impossible for you to defeat me."
"We are also here!"
Claire and the others came running. Holding her Flame Tongue, she stood next to Kamito.
Rinslet nocked an arrow to her ice demon bow, and Fianna was grasping spirit crystals in both hands.
"Fianna, can I count on you for the treatment of Ellis and the others?"
"Yes, I'm holding a few healing spirit crystals. However, the effect is limited to only giving a temporary peace of mind."
Fianna nodded with a tense expression.
"Kamito, you and I will corner that guy. Rinslet will be the support artillery battery."
"What is a s-support artillery battery!? I am a splendid archer!"
Rinslet snarled, but Claire didn't respond.
"—Hey, is the discussion over?"
Jio calmly laughed as he came closer.
The spirit crest engraved on his right arm glowed ominously, and a bluish-white flash of lightning surged out.
What appeared in that hand was— the same sword elemental waffe as Est.
"Shall we find out which is stronger, GladiusSword Spirit or that sword?"
"Don't mess around. You'd better not confuse my Est with that third-rate sword spirit."
Wielding Terminus Est, Kamito ferociously roared.
And then, the blade dance began.
High-pitched metallic sounds reverberated together. Every time a sword flash occurred, sparks scattered within that dim light.
"Jio Inzagi— what on earth is your goal?!"
"Huh, I don't have anything like a goal. Honestly, to me, I'm indifferent about Jormungandrthe strategic-class militarized spirit. I'll defeat you and prove that I'm the successor of the Demon King— That's all."
"What successor of the Demon King? You megalomaniac rascal!"
Kamito, who stepped into his area, mowed down with Terminus Est with both hands.
The sword's pressure was tremendous. Jio promptly guarded with Gladius— however,
"What!?"
Together with a high-pitched metallic sound— Jio's GladiusSword Spirit was smashed to pieces.
Jio's expression distorted in shock.
"Hey, hey, what an elemental waffe— To do that to my sword spirit in one blow?"
"Sorry, my Est is the strongest sword spirit."
Kamito stepped in closer.
Jio recited a summoning, and summoned a sword spirit into his hand again.
"There's still more to come, it starts after this!"
"It's useless—"
Aiming at the sword spirit that appeared from an empty space, Kamito relentlessly swung down his sword.
There was the sound of steel shattering, and Jio's second sword spirit also tragically vanished.
In addition to making his second sword spirit vanish, Terminus Est didn't even have a chip on its edge.
It was an elemental waffe that held two names, the «Demon King Killing Sacred Sword» and «Demon Slayer».
It was terrifying because even with this, it was not in its complete state.
However, Jio still kept his composed expression.
"Hmm, in that case, this will be next!"
From the spirit seals on his whole body, flashes of lightning gushed out— a third sword appeared in Jio's hand.
(..., this guy, what the heck, how many spirits is he contracted with!?)
As expected, even Kamito's face expressed impatience.
Even the strongest sword spirit Est had a large weak point.
Her divine power consumption was too intense.
As a result of getting used to controlling it, he wouldn't suddenly faint like before, but if the battle was dragged on, he was certain that he would be exhausted eventually.
If he assumed that Jio Inzagi really was contracted to seventy-two spirits—
(It's bad if this keeps up—)
This wasn't an opponent whom he could decide the victory with one blow, like the rampaging giant spirit at Academy Town.
If this became a prolonged battle, he'd be at a disadvantage.
(...However, is that guy's divine power inexhaustible!?)
If he was using this many spirits, his divine power consumption should also rapidly increase, however—
"Kamito, I'll cover you!"
At that moment, Claire's swung her Flame Tongue, and it came flying in an arc.
There was a red hot afterglow that shone in the darkness— Her carefully-aimed whip quickly entangled Jio's face.
"Tch, don't get in my way!"
Jio summoned a spirit as a translucent ice ball, and aiming at Claire, he threw it.
"What, such a thing!"
Claire released a spirit magic fireball to intercept the ice spirit—
However, that was a trap.
"...!?"
The ice ball, which blasted before her eyes, transformed into countless needles, and cut up Claire's whole body.
"Kyaa!"
"Claire!"
Kamito's awareness strayed for a moment to Claire's scream.
"Don't look away!"
Seizing that chance, Jio quickly drove in for a slash—
Kamito barely stopped the blow with Terminus Est's edge.
However, Jio didn't slow down his attacks. He kept it up, pressing on and approaching closer—
"What's wrong, Ren AshbellStrongest Blade Dancer— Is that all you got?"
As he stopped the sword pushing him back, Kamito grit his teeth.
If he was still the Ren Ashbell of three years ago—
He was sure to not have turned towards Claire and gave Jio the chance to use his spirit.
As an elementalist, it was a fatal three year blank.
He had a contracted spirit that couldn't draw out its original power.
(Ah, it is certain that I became weak. However—)
Exhaling with a puff— Kamito suddenly jumped back.
"Freezing ice fang, pierce «Freezing Arrow»!"
At that moment, Rinslet's released ice arrow rained at the spot the two of them were at.
It was a direct hit— Jio's silhouette was swallowed up by the downpour of arrows and disappeared.
"Hmm, it is troubling that you have forgotten me!"
Placing her hand at her waist, Rinslet quickly brushed up her platinum-blonde hair.
While Kamito was stopping the sword, she was holding an aim affixed on him.
From the crumbled rocky area, there was a thick cloud of dust rising up.
They didn't think he could be fine after receiving that rain of arrows.
However.
"Hn, did you do something just now?"
Jio— stood up from within the cloud of dust.
He smirked, and turned to Rinslet.
"No way...it should have been a direct hit!?"
"«Argos» — an earth spirit that protects its elementalist automatically."
From Jio's surroundings, cones of rocks were pierced out from the ground and standing tall.
Her Freezing Arrow was defended by that.
"...What a thing..."
"And then, this fellow, uh— can also be used in such a way."
Jio turned over his wrist.
"Kyaaaa!"
At that moment, cones pierced out from the ground at Rinslet's feet, and crucified her to the wall.
Her academy uniform was torn to pieces, and fine textured white skin became exposed.
With both her arms placed in crucifixion, Rinslet bit her lips in shame.
"Guu...Th-This is unforgivable... to do such... to me..."
Glaring firmly at Jio, Rinslet's body quivered, seemingly vexed.
"—Jio Inzagi!"
Kamito raged, and attacked with Terminus Est.
The massive slash collected and destroyed the cones standing in a line, and came close to Jio—
However, it was till that extent.
"Guu..."
Terminus Est which was a large-sized sword suddenly became a small-sized short sword.
It was the result of Est, who consumed a huge amount of divine power, being unable to maintain her form as an elemental waffe.
"Ren Ashbell— you're no longer the strongest blade dancer."
Jio sneered.
"That may be so. After all, I had a three year blank."
"No, that's not it. The reason you became weak is—"
At that moment, a spear of light was born in Jio's palm.
It wasn't a close range weapon, it was a shooting-type elemental waffe.
Kamito, who made a judgment in an instant, was about to dodge, but—
(—Wrong!)
Just before that, he realized Jio's aim.
"Something like this!"
It wasn't an attack aimed at Kamito.
The spear of light—
Was pointed and released toward Fianna and the injured female Knights behind Kamito.
(Damn...!)
Kamito thrust himself in the way at once, and caught the spear of light with his whole body.
(—What?)
Fianna, who was treating Ellis and the others, raised her face startled.
At that moment, a dazzling flash was produced, and an eardrum-bursting explosion reverberated.
She reflexively closed her eyes. The fragments of rubble, which came flying, struck her whole body.
...Before long, the thunderous sound lessened.
"U..."
She moaned in pain, as she slowly opened her eyes—
Before her, Kamito, who was injured, had collapsed.
"...Ka-Kamito-kun?"
"...Fia...na... are you alright?"
Kamito pierced Terminus Est through the ground, placed his knees on the ground, and tried to stand up.
Having received a direct hit at point-blank range, his academy uniform, which excelled in its defensive abilities, had turned into shreds.
He seemed to be enduring the pain, and cold sweat was flowing on his forehead.
Fianna quickly surveyed her surroundings.
Ellis and her two female comrades had collapsed. They were especially not in a condition that they could stand up.
Claire was injured and had lost consciousness, and Rinslet was placed in a crucifixion on the wall.
And then— from the front, Jio Inzagi was slowly walking.
—Almost like a death god.
"That's your weakness. I don't care whether or not it was subconsciously, but you have been continuously taking notice of the fellows behind as you were fighting."
"Fianna...back down."
Kamito commanded Fianna, who was about to approach, with his hand.
"Kamito-kun!"
With that body, there's no way he could fight.
He also couldn't sufficiently use his elemental waffe, and it was a hopeless situation even at best, and yet despite that—
"I do not want to lose important things— never again."
Kamito faced the front, and stood up.
It wasn't the light of hope in his eyes. What was dwelling in his pupils was dark despair.
And yet, he stood up.
This boy was once called the Ren AshbellStrongest Blade Dancer.
"..."
Jio shrugged his shoulders like he rapidly lost interest.
And then, told him in a cruel voice.
"—I see. Well then, die."
The spirit seal all over his body emitted a glow, and a black fog coiled around his right hand.
"ThanatosDeath Spirit— it is one of the strongest spirits I have. I received it from your contracted spirit."
"My... contracted spirit...?"
Kamito muttered in a dry voice.
"...Don't tell me...this is about Restia—!?"
His fingertip, which was clad in death approached Kamito who couldn't move sufficiently— just before that.
Fianna brushed back her long black hair, and quickly stood up.
"Hey, could you please not touch my things so thoughtlessly?"
"...Ah?"
Jio— was so shocked that he opened his mouth.
"...Fianna?"
Kamito gazed at her face profile with a dumbfounded expression as well.
"Move aside, Kamito-kun."
Fianna calmly stood before Jio and blocked his way.
"Hey, is something wrong with your head, ojou-sama?"
"Watch your mouth, who do you think I am?"
Fianna fixed a glare directly at Jio, who sneered.
Four years ago— It was like that time when she stood before and blocked the Calamity Queen.
"Fianna, you idiot, run away!"
Claire, who crawled out from the mountain of rubble, shouted.
Fianna slowly shook her head—
(You protected me— That's why this time, I'll protect you!)
"—I'll tell you my name, Fianna Ray Ordesia, the Ordesia Empire's second royal princess!"
"—I am a punisher as an impartial enforcer, and one who hands down holy judgment in the king's name!"
At that moment, a dazzling flash was produced from Fianna's bosom.
Yes, the oath she shouted just now was indeed— the spirit's releasing keywords.
She quickly untied the string at her bosom, and a shiny red stone tumbled down into her palm.
It was a blood-like red spirit crystal that was processed like a comma-shaped jewel.[4]
"No way, that's... don't tell me, the Blood Stone!?"
Claire, who realized its true identity, widened her eyes.
"You witch...!"
He might have felt some sort of instinctive threat, as Jio released Thanatos at the girl before him—
"Come out, thou, the sword of judgment that buries the darkness— Sacred King of Destruction «Magna Carta»!"
The red spirit crystal exploded.
There was a dazzling flash. An enormous pillar of light went through Jio Inzagi.
And then— together with the thunderous sound, the tunnel's ceiling collapsed.

"Ug..."
"Kamito!"
"Kamito-kun"
When Kamito awakened, there were the faces of two girls before his eyes.
"...Claire, Fianna."
"Great, you've awakened."
"You're too rash... idiot."
...It seemed that he overused his divine power and had fainted.
Upon getting up from the cold ground, Kamito looked around his vicinity.
The flickering glow of the spirit crystal was dimly illuminating the darkness.
The tunnel had collapsed and it seemed that the path was completely blocked by the fallen earth and sand.
"Both of you, are your injuries alright?"
"Yes, we are... are you alright?"
"Ah, I only overused my divine power a little. What, have I worried you?
"Id-Idiot, it's not I like I was worried or anything!"
"Ouchhhh!"
Claire's palm landed a clean hit exactly on his wound. Kamito writhed in the intense pain.
"...Come on, what are you doing?"
Fianna sighed in astonishment.
Kamito pressed his hurting shoulder as he surveyed the surroundings,
"Are the others safe?"
"Yes...although, it's hard to say that they're safe. For now, I've given them some emergency treatment."
When Fianna held up the light, the appearance of Ellis and the others lying on the ground could be seen.
...Their condition certainly couldn't be said as 'safe'.
Rakka and Reishia, who received the poison directly, were in an unconscious critical state.
Ellis seemed to be conscious, but it seemed that walking was impossible in that condition.
Next to Rinslet, who was leaning on and sitting against the wall, Fenrir was licking its master's wounds.
"What on earth happened to him — Jio Inzagi?"
"Fianna released the spirit that was sealed in the spirit crystal. He was swallowed into the pillar of light and disappeared...Well, although, I don't think he's dead."
"Was that a spirit crystal...?"
When Kamito faced towards Fianna, she nodded with a "Yes".
"However, a spirit crystal that can seal such a spirit—"
It was such a destructive power that it forced back Jio Inzagi's Thanatos, and made the tunnel collapse.
That holy spirit that Fianna released was, without a doubt, a high ranking spirit.
However, he had not heard of something like the existence of a spirit crystal and so forth that can seal a high ranking spirit.
"Blood Stone—a treasure handed down in the Ordesia royal family."
"...?"
"Hey you, you also don't know the Blood Stone? It's common knowledge for elementalists."
Claire sighed in astonishment at Kamito frowning.
"It can't be helped, I'm different from a noble, and I'm unfamiliar with things like that."
When Kamito said that, Claire shrugged her shoulders in disappointment and gave an explanation.
"Blood Stone isn't an ordinary spirit crystal. It can seal a part of a high ranking spirit's power with a special spirit crystal that was mined at a sacred ground of Astral Zero. Of course, it isn't something that you can buy with money or power. It is a genuine treasure of national-level, after all."
"Is that so..."
Although her existence was erased from the royal family, Fianna was the former second princess of the Ordesia Empire. The moment she was admitted into Areishia Spirit Academy, she might have been made to hand it over in the screening.
"I had tricked the stupid palace guards and pilfered it from the royal family's treasure hall. As I had switched it with an imitation, it's alright."
The princess puffed her chest out.
"Ah, I thought it was like that... Hn?"
Incidentally, Kamito picked up a strange feeling that something was out of place.
The out-of-place feeling's true identity was... Fianna's pushed out chest.
...Small. It had obviously become small.
(That reminds me, just now Fianna...)
She was hiding that spirit crystal—Blood Stone in her chest.
Although it wasn't such a big thing, how was she hiding that?
"Ug... D-Don't look..."
Fianna, who noticed Kamito's line of sight, crossed both her hands and bashfully covered her chest.
"Kamito, Fianna, you know, had been deceiving us all this time!"
Claire thrust out her finger at her in a snap like she was blaming her.
"Deceiving?"
"That's right, this girl is a fake-breast princess!"
"..."
Kamito slowly turned towards Fianna with a deadpan look,
"...Uh, is that right?"
"Th-That's right, they're pads... is that wrong?"
The princess' cheeks reddened, and she quickly faced away.
"No, it's nothing worth getting furious over, but... why did you do such a thing?"
"...To protect the Blood Stone. No one could steal it if it was within my chest. Moreover, I heard b-boys all like large breasted girls, so..."
From the start, her purpose for coming to the academy was to ensnare Kamito and make him her comrade.
...That reminded him, she had been coming and pressing her breasts on him at random, but was that for such a thing?
"No, there are also boys who like girls even if their breasts are small."
"Eh?"
For some reason, Claire's ears reacted with a twitch to Kamito's words.
"Ka-Kamito, what you said just now... is that true?"
"Yeah, after all, to each their own liking of the opposite sex. Well, personally, I think that compared to having none, having them is better... Ouch!"
At that moment, Claire's sharp whip came flying.
"Y-You, you...!"
"No, what I said just now was my personal thought. In the world, there are also many boys of such enthusiastic preference—"
"Uuu!"
Slight tears surfaced in her ruby pupils, as Claire bit her lips.
(Nevertheless, that soft feeling was the pads?...)
...He completely did not notice it. As expected, the technological level of the imperial capital couldn't be made light of.
"Although it was my plan to use that Blood Stone at the «Blade Dance» as a trump card."
Greatly lowering her volume, Fianna clasped to her breasts, as she muttered.
Although, it wasn't that they were that small. They were about normal for a girl of her age.
At the very least, they weren't deplorable breasts like Claire's—
"Uh, what?"
"...No, sorry. It was nothing."
Kamito averted his eyes in a fluster away from Claire, who was glaring sternly with her teary eyes.
Ahem, he coughed and turned towards Fianna.
"However, why did you bring such a spirit crystal?"
The spirit and part of its power, which were released from the spirit crystal, would instantly return to Astral Zero, it could not be used again.
Therefore, elementalists, who possessed contracted spirits, didn't use spirit crystals normally. After all, it was certainly more effective to use spirit magic and contracted spirits most of the time in a blade dance.
"..."
When he asked, Fianna looked downwards and calmly sighed.
"Well, it'll get exposed eventually. I'll tell you guys right here and now."
"...?"
Kamito and Claire exchanged glances at Fianna's unusually serious expression.
"—It was four years ago from now, I lost the ability to use my spirit."
It was for this reason that while being expected as the Queen candidate next to Rubia Elstein— Fianna Ray Ordesia the second princess resigned from that position and was erased from the royal family.
That was because she could not use her contracted spirit.
"A princess maiden, who can't use a contracted spirit, doesn't have the qualifications to be a Queen worth serving the Elemental Lord."
Fianna looked downwards, and muttered like that in self-deprecation.
"..."
A elementalist that couldn't use her spirit was —literally— no longer an elementalist.
And the situation, where an elementalist suddenly became unable to use her spirit, wasn't something that unusual.
For example, there were cases where her body may be soiled, or the covenant made during the contract was broken— even outside of such cases, there are cases that one became unable to exchange feelings with her spirit due to some sort of emotional trauma.
In short, the exchange of feelings with the spirit was greatly dependent on the elementalist's state of mind.
What was the incident that became the cause of it— She did not even talk about anything concerning that.
Kamito didn't plan on enquiring that deeply.
(However, speaking of four years ago—)
It was that major incident that shook the Ordesia Empire.
It was the year that the Calamity Queen's— Rubia Elstein's mutiny occurred.
And then, Fianna was a princess maiden of the same «Divine Ritual Institute» as her.
She experienced that incident, which caused an emotional trauma that made her lose her spirit contract power.
A coincidence— he didn't think so.
"I'm sorry for hiding it. Although, I was thinking about telling it someday... If I was known to be unable to exchange feelings with my spirit, I would have become unable to stay in this academy."
"But, how did you pass the examination? If I'm not mistaken, there must be a practical examination."
Kamito passed exceptionally without an examination due to Greyworth's authority, but, originally, there was a strict practical examination in the academy. It was not that anyone possessing the ability of an elementalist could enter.
"I concealed several pieces of spirit crystals in my sleeves, and released them in sequence. To pretend that it was as if I was using a spirit. Since I had achievements when I was a Queen candidate of the «Divine Ritual Institute» once, they were easily deceived."
"You used valuable spirit crystals for such a dishonest entry to the academy?"
"The invigilation also would never think that there would be a person doing such a thing."
"How stupid, even if you were admitted like that, isn't it obvious that you'd be instantly exposed. For you to do such a thing, why did you come to this academy?
"That's—"
Fianna glanced towards Kamito.
Her goal was to join the team with the Ren AshbellStrongest Blade Dancer and be victorious in the Blade Dance.
However, he would be troubled if Claire was told that... Very troubled.
Thereupon, Fianna smirked in a way that only Kamito understood.
"That's to kiss Kamito-kun—"
"That's not it. Hey, Claire, stop taking out your whip."
Fianna saw Claire's eyebrow lifted up and giggled.
"It's a joke. My goal is to be victorious in the Blade dance and have my «wish» granted. To regain my lost spirit contract power."
"Everyone is the same in aiming for the victory of the Blade Dance. However, why did you think of joining our team? It's also weird for me to say this but our team has the lowest rank."
"..."
Thereupon, Fianna suddenly placed her finger on her lips as she pondered.
"...That's right. Since I thought that you guys would accept me."
It was subtly different from Fianna's usual impish tone.
"What do you mean?"
"After all, you have a male elementalist and you are the sister of the Calamity Queen. Even if the Lost Queen, who has lost her elementalist qualifications, joins in, it isn't that out of place, isn't it?"
She had that joking tone. She had a lonely expression like she was self-deprecating herself somewhere.
The reason that Fianna came to the academy and approached Kamito.
To be victorious in the Blade Dance, she would use Kamito, who was once the Ren AshbellStrongest Blade Dancer— or so she claimed.
However, the true reason —unexpectedly— might be more like this.
Being lonely, being a fibber, the impish princess just wanted friends—
"Well then, I've confessed my secret but—"
Ahem, Fianna coughed and said.
"What am I going to do? The team wouldn't need an elementalist who can't use her contracted spirit, I wonder?"
The princess stared at Kamito and Claire in front of her with a lonely expression.
Her tone was certainly in a joking manner, but her black pupils were wavering, seemingly insecure.
And then, Claire had also probably noticed. That her fingertips were slightly quivering.
Before long—
"It doesn't matter, such a thing."
Kamito sighed.
"Fianna, you protected us by risking your life. You're our comrade."
"...!"
Fianna widened her eyes, astonished.
"Hey, is that alright?"
Kamito turned towards Claire—
"That's fine."
Claire nodded as she looked towards Fianna's chest, who had turned pale.
"Fianna, you are my comrade. Comrade of the breastless alliance."
"Don't put me together with you! I have more than you, Claire!"
"Wh-What was that!"
*Gogogogogo*... Claire's red hair flared up, standing on its end; and at that moment.
"...!?"
Suddenly, the ground shook.
From the almost-crumbling ceiling, fragments of rubble were dropping in large amounts.
"...An earthquake again!?"
"Don't tell me... Jormungandrthe strategic-class militarized spirit is already about to wake up?"
"It seems so. However, as long as Jio Inzagi hasn't found the «true shrine», he shouldn't be able to completely undo the seal."
"Well then, if we could find the true shrine first—"
Claire stopped in mid-sentence and gasped in surprised.
"The seal specification materials that was stolen from the academy— the location of the true shrine might be recorded in that."
"I see! If that was the goal for him to steal the materials—"
"No, the military materials are already enciphered. Deciphering it should take time."
The one, who raised her voice, was Ellis raising half her body up from the ground.
It seemed that she woke up from the earthquake just now.
"Ellis, can you already move?"
Kamito called out to her.
"No, I still can't walk yet. It's shameful but my legs are being paralyzed by the poison."
Ellis struck her unmoving knees as she bit her lips, seemingly vexed.
"I also have not recovered to the point that I am able to fight."
This time it was Rinslet, who was leaning against the wall, raising her voice.
"Fianna, even if you lost your spirit contract power, can you dance the ritual Kagura?"
"Yes, it isn't like when I was in the «Divine Ritual Ceremony», but I can roughly enhance the resealing. As expected, I wouldn't accept a quest that I can't even do."
Fianna nodded and softly placed her hand on her chin.
"Although, we have to first find the hidden true shrine, and seize it."
"Do we have to search the inside of this vast mine...?"
In any case, it was a mine that was abandoned several decades ago. The tunnels weren't being maintained, and on top of that, there was the danger that it'll cave in easily even at a small earthquake like a while ago.
"Besides, we might encounter that Jio Inzagi again."
Everyone became silent at Claire's utterance.
He was the male elementalist, who used a countless number of spirits.
Even if the members, who boasted of having top class ability formed a group, they were also no match for him.
(He knows about Restia...)
Kamito instinctively grasped his left hand, which was covered by his leather glove.
(Who on earth is he?)
"That boy, it was as though he was like the real Demon King..."
"Uh, he was driven away by Fianna's surprise attack just now, but I don't think that could have defeated him."
Ellis nodded with a meek expression at Rinslet's murmuring.
At that moment.
"Kamito, I know the location of the true shrine."
A sound came from the sword leaning against the wall.
"Est?"
Kamito touched Est's handle, and cancelled the elemental waffe status.
The Demon Slayer became particles of light, disappeared into an empty space, and transformed into a lovely girl in a moment.
"What do you mean that you know the location of the true shrine?"
"Yes, Kamito, in the olden days more distant than when this place became a mine— several hundred years ago, this very mountain was the high ranking shrine that was used to deify spirits. I visited this place several times before I was sealed in a sword."
That was right, Est was originally a top-ranking spirit, who was sealed several hundred years ago. It was not strange even if she was deified by everyone on the sacred mountain.
"Can you guide us to the location of the true shrine?"
"Of course."
"Remarkable, Est."
"Yes, Kamito. Then, please stroke Est's head."
"Ahh."
*Suri suri*. *Nade nade*.
"Hn, it feels good, Kamito."
Est closed her eyes partly like a cat being stroked on its chin.
"..."
Those two—
*Hyooooooo...!*
The girls stared at them with a freezing-like gaze.
"Wh-What..."
"I've been thinking since before, but Kamito, don't you think you're soft on Est?"
"I-I don't think so"
He instinctively stepped back at the girls' glaring gazes.
At that moment.
"..."
It shook again. ...This time, it was even greater than a while ago.
"We had better hurry."
"Ah—"
Kamito nodded, but— he suddenly turned around and stopped.
Ellis shook her head when she realized what Kamito was thinking about.
"We're alright. While, you were unconscious, I had released and sent Simorgh to the academy. The Knights should be rushing here to aid us at dawn."
"Ellis..."
"Go, Kazehaya Kamito. We failed in our quest. I'll entrust the rest to you guys."
"It seems I am unable to fight, I will stay behind for their treatment."
"..."
Kamito tightly clenched his fist—
"...I understand. I'll come back as soon as possible."
"Let's go Kamito, Fianna."
Claire raised her Flame Tongue over her head, and blew away the mountain of rubble blocking the path.
"—Tch, oucchh..."
His stifled groan reverberated in the tunnel walls.
Jio was loitering in the thick darkness which was twined around him as though it was his own skin.
As he placed his hand on his injured face, he walked in a ghost-like manner.
"Isn't the long-awaited handsome man ruined, huh?"
A stiff smile surfaced, as he talked into the darkness before him, and the one who replied was—
"You're over conceited, Jio Inzagi. You were negligent."
—There.
Suddenly, an even darker darkness was produced in the darkness, and took the form of a beautiful girl.
"Shut up, it's because your spirit was of no avail."
"I never thought that there would be a holy spirit user. Although ThanatosDeath Spirit is at the top-rank for the darkness attribute, its compatibility is overly bad for a spirit of the holy attribute."
"—Where are they heading?"
"Probably to the «true shrine» that governs the control of Jormungandrstrategic-class militarized spirit. As I am still tied with the bond of the contract to him, I somehow know roughly where he is."
The jet black girl preciously stroked the spirit seal that was engraved on her own left hand.
"Guide me, darkness spirit. I'll make them regret placing an injury on the Demon King's face."
"Let it go. He is the real Demon King— After all, you, who's no more than a fake, could absolutely not win. Besides, Ren AshbellStrongest Blade Dancer has never lost to an opponent he fought once."
"Watch your mouth, darkness spirit. I can even make you mine right here and now."
Jio's red eyes glared at her.
—He showed a red shiny comma-shaped jewel grasped in his hand.
"...Really, what a foolish boy."
The darkness spirit muttered disdainfully, waved her dark-colored dress, and disappeared into empty space.
—Solid footsteps were heard in the long tunnels that went on endlessly.
The three of them were going deep down underground with Est, who was walking silently, in the lead.
It was as if the mine, which once flourished as a place for mining spirit crystals, was a giant maze. It was an excessively large passage for people to use. Large sized spirits might have been used for the digging of the bedrock.
There were many doors that used to be sealed, but they had all been opened.
It was probably the deed of Jio Inzagi's comrade, who had been carrying out the ritual at the shrine above ground.
Suddenly, Kamito's leather-gloved left hand hurt sharply.
"What's wrong, Kamito? Are your wounds hurting?"
"No, it's nothing..."
Kamito shook his head at Claire, who was peering at him anxiously.
Claire pouted her lips, dissatisfied with such a response from Kamito.
"...It somewhat feels like you are always fighting alone."
She muttered with a sigh.
"It was also like that when we were assembling a team for the tournament. No, it wasn't just that time during the match, I felt like that also when you were taking the lectures, and also when you were in the dormitory... how should I say it, shouldn't you trust me, your partner... that's not it, your master, more?"
"Is that so? ...Or rather, I don't want to be told that by you, who has no friends."
"Sh-Shut up, I do have friends!"
"Isn't it only Rinslet?"
"Sh-She's just a childhood acquaintance, it's not like she's a friend!"
"Ah, what a coincidence. I was also always alone while eating my meals when I was in the «Divine Ritual Institute»."
"Fianna, you too? ...What's with this deplorable party?"
As they were having such an endless conversation, they went down a long stairway.
"Hey, are we still not there, Est? Although, we have been walking for more than an hour since then."
"A few paths seem different since several hundred years ago. And Claire is noisy."
"Wh!"
"It can't be helped, it was even several hundred years before when Est was sealed."
"Unh, Kamito, you're on Est's side again..."
As they made progress down, down, the endless stairway— finally, they emerged out into a wide space.
Est continued walking straight, and stopped before a gigantic wall.
"Here, Kamito."
"...Here? Isn't this a dead end?"
Claire frowned suspiciously.
There was a stone wall towering over its surroundings before the four of them.
Est held up the light, and the subtle carving that was engraved on the wall's surface was reflected.
It wasn't something engraved during these several hundred years— it seemed that it was a historic ruin from the mythical age.
"This is the carving of the «Five Great Elemental Lords»... or looks like it."
The motif of the carving was quite a typical thing.
Fire, water, wind, earth, holy— The kings of the five attributes that control Astral Zero.
"Hn?"
Suddenly, Kamito felt something out of place in the design of that pattern, and frowned.
It had that composition that had the holy attribute Elemental Lord arranged at the top and a pentagram drawn.
At its bottom— It had a large scar like the wall was scraped off.
It was as unnatural as if the existence of the thing over there was erased.
Est went forward and placed her hand softly on that torn-off part.
"This is the carving of the mythical age— In the later times, Ren Ashdoll had its existence erased."
"...? Est, what did—"
The moment Kamito found fault with that, a thunderous roar reverberated in the underground tunnel.
A closed crevice of the wall slowly opened— a blue light illuminated.
"A hidden door?—"
"This is the historic ruins of the mythical age. The door can only be opened by high-ranking spirits."
Est muttered expressionlessly.
"Terrific, Est."
"Kamito, please praise me more."
"Ah, Est is remarkable."
*Suri suri*. *Nade nade*.
"Kamito, it feels good..."
Upon brushing the hair on her head, Est tightly closed her eyes.
"..."
Claire and Fianna glared at the two of them in that manner.
"...As I thought, you're soft towards Est."
"Kamito-kun, if we don't hurry up Jormungandrstrategic-class militarized spirit would wake up."
"Ah, that's right..."
Drawing his hand back at Fianna strangely hurrying him, Kamito walked into the middle of the door.
—Over there, there was an unbelievably gigantic cave.
It had a polished agate floor. It had a stalactite ceiling that was inlaid with countless spirit crystals.
Each of the spirit crystals emitted a mysterious faint light, and they were dazzlingly illuminating the cave.
At the center of the large cave— there was a shrine made with precious metals and crystals.
Compared to the grand shrine above ground, it was quite small, but its solemnity was the highlight.
"—There's no doubt. Here is where this mine's «true shrine» is."
"All Fianna has to do is to dedicate a resealing ritual Kagura here, right?"
"Yes. However, before that—"
Fianna pointed at a small reservoir near the true shrine.
Clear underground water, which had trickled down from the stalactite, was being collected.
"I must do the purification ritual and cleanse my body."
"That's right, I also want to bathe. My purity has fallen greatly due to the battle a while ago."
Claire muttered— Suddenly, she noticed Kamito's gaze.
"...Err, what should I do?"
"Y-You'll stand watch outside!"
Her whip came flying immediately.
—*Splash*.
Claire made a lovely "Hyan" voice at the drop of water that dripped down from the ceiling's stalactite.
She had very fair skin. She had a body that depicted elegant curves. Her breasts were certainly reserved, but they were unthinkably charming even when seen by Fianna who as of the same gender.
(They are certainly sisters, she got her beauty from her sister...)
Her facial profile with her red twintails untied certainly made Fianna recall Claire's sister's face.
The Calamity Queen— Rubia Elstein.
The one who completely crushed young Fianna's heart.
It wasn't like she resented Claire, who was her sister.
(Speaking of it, I don't even understand whether or not I hate Rubia-sama...)
Etched into Fianna's heart wasn't hatred, it was just overwhelming fear.
The moment she overcame that fear, her contracted spirit would come back—
Fianna dropped her sights onto the spirit seal engraved on her chest, and was absorbed in her thoughts.
"What? Are you looking at your breasts and immersing in a sense of superiority?"
Claire was glaring at Fianna's breasts with scornful eyes.
"Eh?"
"Even without your pads, aren't yours bigger than mine? I th-thought that we're comrades."
...Claire's eyes held in them a slightly dangerous sensation.
Somehow sensing danger to her body, Fianna cut through the water surface and waded away.
*Sususu*. *Sususu*. *Susususu*.
Finally, she was cornered at the edge of the pond, and her shoulders were firmly grasped.
...She could not escape anymore.
"Hey, Fianna, swallow your shame, I have something I want to ask."
Claire was saying that with a serious expression.
"Wh-What?"
"A gi-girl's breasts would become big if they get the boy they like to rub them... Is that true?"
"...Eh?"
Fianna opened her mouth wide at Claire, who bashfully blushed.
And then—
A "gusu" laugh escaped spontaneously.
Before long, Fianna hugged her stomach and giggled.
"Wh-What! It isn't something that funny!"
"But I had someone ask me the exact same thing as that question in the past."
"...?"
Claire tilted her head to the side without understanding what she meant.
"You're definitely sisters."
As Fianna stifled her laughter, she wiped the tears that surfaced on her eyes.
On that subject, it had been a while since she really laughed naturally like that.
It might be... four years ago, since that day she lost her spirit contract power.
"Claire Rouge, I do not hate you."
"What do you mean?"
"Never mind. Ahh, as long as you grow to adulthood, your breasts will naturally become big."
"I-I somewhat feel irritated... In the meanwhile."
*Funyuu*.
Claire groped Fianna's breast.
"Kyaa, wh-what are you doing!"
"I'm confirming if they'll really become big if they're rubbed."
"Isn't it fine if you confirm that with your own breasts!"
"..., mi-mine are small and can't be properly grasped!"
"He-Hey, stop, hyaa, aan..."
Shrieks and loud water sounds were reverberated in the sacred underground shrine.
(...I can hear those two here.)
Leaning in front of the closed wall, Kamito scratched his cheeks.
The tunnels caused more echoes than he had thought. It did not mean that he caught their conversation, but the sweet voices of the girls he heard at times were very bad for his heart.
"Kamito, are you eavesdropping on their voices, and getting excited?"
"Uh, absolutely not."
Kamito moaned with a deadpan look.
"Well then, what?"
"—Jio Inzagi, I'm thinking about that brat's true identity."
He was a male elementalist, who freely used countless spirits— in a certain way, an existence of greater heresy than Kamito.
However, Kamito was inferring his true identity to some extent from the battle some time ago.
"He isn't anything like the Demon King, if my thoughts are right."
"Of course. He is presumptuous calling himself the Demon King with that level of his."
Est answered expressionlessly, but her tone seemed a little angry.
"The successor of the Demon King— is more like Kamito."
"...? What do you mean?"
"Kamito is the Demon King of the night."
"Est, that's different."
Kamito retorted without a moment's delay.
...Honestly, where did this sword spirit learn these kind of things?
"—We've got to stop the frivolous talk here, huh?"
"It seems so."
Kamito separated his body from the wall, and grasped Est's small hand.
"Kamito is a rough master of an elementalists."
"Sorry. I will treat you to some parfait the next time at the Academy Town."
"Suddenly, my motivation came out."
Kamito made a wry smile, and recited the elemental waffe's release chant.
"Dispassionate Queen of Steel, the sacred sword that destroys evil — now form my sword"
The appearance of the lovely girl turned into particles of light and disappeared into an empty space—
In the next moment, Kamito's hand was grasping Terminus Est, which was shining in silver.
And then— footsteps resounded from deep in the darkness.
"Yo, let's settle the score and end this— Ren AshbellStrongest Blade Dancer."
With his red eyes glaringly shining, Jio Inzagi showed up.












At that moment, Fianna prepared her ritual outfit and began the arrangement of the resealing.
There were violent sounds of weapons clashing outside the door of the true shine.
"—It seems that he has come."
Claire summoned her Flame Tongue and glared at the door.
"Kamito and I'll defend the door to our last. Fianna, wait here."
"Are you saying you're going to hide me in a safe place alone!?"
"Yes, he isn't an opponent on whom you can use petty tricks many times. Even if you could, you no longer have any more Blood Stones."
"Don't misjudge me, Claire Rouge. I'm not a princess, who only has to be protected. Now, I'm an equal comrade of the team."
Fianna thrust her iron-ribbed fan, used for performing the ritual dance, towards Claire.
"I am the second rank princess maiden of the «Divine Ritual Institute»— As Rubia Elstein's sister, you know that that is not a frail existence that can only perform the dance, don't you?"
She had an expression as though she was challenging her. Claire gulped at the intensity emitted by the top-ranking princess maiden.
Certainly, the princess maidens of the «Divine Ritual Institute» did not receive battle training as elementalists.
However, by no means did it mean that they were powerless. On the contrary, as long as they chose the time and place, there were cases where their power surpassed even a high-ranking elementalist.
And, this very shrine was exactly the most suited place for her to exhibit her power.
"...I get it."
Claire brushed her red twin-tailed hair up.
"I'll protect you. Perform the most supreme Kagura!"
—There was nothing like a warning sign. The blade dance suddenly began.
There were shrilling metallic sounds. Silver sword flashes flickered, intense sparks scattered inside the cave.
Terminus Est, which was swung downwards by Kamito, was repelled by Jio's sword.
Kamito stepped further in and scythed down his sword. Jio slightly shifted his center of gravity and evaded by a paper-thin margin. He made a shrilling loud laughter, as he jumped straight up.
Like a spider, he clung onto the ceiling as—
"Huh, there's no foreplay?! Let me enjoy a little conversation, Ren AshbellStrongest Blade Dancer!"
"My bad, I don't have something like a chivalrous spirit— just like you!"
"...Wh!?"
Jio widened his red eyes. Kamito kicked the wall and jumped.
Terminus Est, swung in midair and struck Jio's sword.
As though metal was being forcibly scraped, a shriek resounded; and Jio's sword spirit was smashed up into many small pieces.
Kamito did not stop. He kicked the wall again, changed his course of direction and hit the side of Jio's face with his fist. He chased after Jio, who was pulled by gravity and falling to the ground, moreover, he kicked the ceiling and accelerated.
With movements like a bird hunting a prey in midair, he grabbed him by his collar, and the back of his head struck onto the ground like that.
A thick sound had reverberated. It was a strike without any mercy.
He threw a punch again with movements like a precision instrument— but at that moment.
Jio's right hand's spirit seal glowed. Sensing danger, he immediately jumped aside from on top of Jio.
At that moment, a silver sword-shaped flash emitted from Jio's palm.
What appeared in Jio's hand was a new elemental waffe.
It was a narrow sword attached with an ornament. It was a stabbing sword, called a rapier, used exclusively for thrusting.
Kamito retreated and put some distance between them. He prepared Terminus Est in both hands.
"As expected of Ren AshbellStrongest Blade Dancer— What absurd movements."
"A high-order multi-sided movement in a closed environment— The first technique to be trained at the «Instructional School». But I wasn't doing it that thoroughly as you."
"..."
Jio kept silent.
"Just now, I understood it when our swords clashed. You are the same as me, an orphan of the «Instructional School»— A failure of the Demon King."
Instructional School— That was the name of the institution, where Kamito received training as an assassin when he was a child.
It was a secret training institution established by some nobles. There, they collected girls who possessed the qualities of an elementalist from orphanages all over the continent in order to raise a group of superior assassins.
At first, the establishment was supposed to be an agency for supplying assassins to their noble colleagues. However, the teachers of Instructional School became independent of the nobles before they knew it, and it had become something to embrace a monologue fanatic creed.
—Namely, the second coming of the Demon King.
He was the only male elementalist in history.
He was a Demon King, who used seventy-two spirits and led the continent to ruins.
It was to create his successor.
For that reason, the measures they took were very simple.
He was the only male elementalist left in history— If that was the case, it was natural that his successor had to be a boy.
With that thought, they collected boys who were deemed to have the ability to even slightly exchange feelings with spirits, and conducted hypnotism, drug administration, spirit possession experiments and so forth. However, the success rate should have been nil.
For this reason, the moment when Kamito was discovered eight years ago, those guys had been in ecstasy.
"—Correct."
Jio Inzagi expressed an extremely dreadful smile.
"The experiment of the Demon King's second coming by the hands of man— Its very first success is me."
Kamito—
Distorted his mouth cynically, and shrugged his shoulders.
"Its very first success? Are you joking?"
"I understand your feelings of not wanting to acknowledge it. Nevertheless, this isn't a joke."
"I do not mean it like that."
Kamito shook his head like he was commiserating.
"A male elementalist, who uses seventy-two contracted spirits— if that was considered a success, then you are absolutely not a success, you know."
"...What?"
Jio's red eyes widened, and his expression distorted in hatred.
"I too was fooled at first. Whether you were really using seventy-two contracted spirits. —However, I was wrong."
Kamito indifferently informed him.
"Your spirits aren't contracted spirits. —They're all sealed spirits."
"...!"
That's right— The spirits, that Jio Inzagi was using, were not spirits that had exchanged the ritual of contract.
They were spirits that were sealed and treated as equipment for the seals engraved on his body.
The reason Kamito realized that was that Jio never used the same spirit twice.
(...Besides, he was also using several sword spirits of the same type.)
Unless one planned on using and throwing them away from the start, there was no point in contracting a large quantity of sword spirits in that way. Compared to handling several sword spirits, it should be much more efficient to nurture one sword spirit.
Besides, no matter how powerful Est's elemental waffe was, it was strange that a sword spirit, famous for being the toughest in its endurance, was broken that easily.
"...My point is that they're the same as the spirit crystal that Fianna had used and thrown away."
As long as the ritual of contract was not exchanged, a spirit could not even be nurtured, and its true power as an elemental waffe also could not be drawn out.
The divine power that he thought was inexhaustible was also a mere illusion.
"You are a fake Demon King, Jio Inzagi. No, you're not even an elementalist."
Certainly, while he housed that many sealed spirits in his body, the fact that he could maintain his body was a definite success. If he was an ordinary person, he was sure to go crazy because of the spirits' rejection.
However, it was greatly incomplete for him to call himself the Demon King— an elementalist.
He pretended as if he was contracted with several spirits, it was no more than a deception.
"...Huh, so what?"
Jio's red eyes shone glaringly, and he spat out.
"Even if you know that, there's no changing the fact that you can't beat me!"
Jio kicked the ground. The rapier sword spirit accelerated like it exploded in his hand.
"I'm the Demon King! That verification will be achieved by killing— Ren AshbellStrongest Blade Dancer, you!"
Just before reaching Kamito, he ducked to lower his body, aimed for Kamito's throat, and launched a thunderous thrust.
Kamito slightly turned his head and avoided it. Turning about on his pivot leg, he returned with a counter kick.
His sole gouged Jio's chest. Continuing the momentum, Kamito held aloft Est overhead.
"—, Manifest, Barguestflame wolf spirit!"
Jio's arm's seal glowed— at that moment, a blazing flame fang attacked Kamito.
It was a lava hound, clad in black flames. The flame fang bit his left arm that was raised overhead.
Intense pain coursed through his whole body, as though his blood was boiling. However—
"...Raaaa!"
Kamito rotated, swung his arm, and smashed the lava hound that was biting him into a wall.
The flame exploded and scattered. There were smashed up lava rocks. If it was a contracted spirit, it would go back again to protect its master— however, a sealed spirit, which was only forcefully released, vanished into empty space as it was.
"How lukewarm... Claire's flames are much hotter!"
An extremely dreadful smile surfaced, and Kamito immediately swung Terminus Est horizontally.
Jio's posture was slightly crumbled by the wind pressure— that chance of a moment was not overlooked by Kamito.
Holding the silver shiny sword up overhead, he launched a strike with all his might—
"—Manifest, Aegisshield spirit!"
However, that strike was stopped by the shield spirit Jio released.
Sword spirit against shield spirit— even for Est, the attribute compatibility was overly poor!
However, Kamito did not draw back. Without change— he further pushed the sword in.
"—Let's go Est, show me just how serious you can be!"
Responding to Kamito's shout, Teminus Est's light glowed brighter.
The brightness became a long flash and covered the sacred sword—
At that moment, it changed its appearance to a gigantic sword that far exceeded Kamito's stature.
"Wh...at!?"
"Ooooooo!"
Kamito roared. He set a crack into the released shield spirit.
And then— It was smashed right in half!
"This is absurd... A sword spirit destroyed a shield spirit!?"
"This is the power of a contracted spirit bound by the spirit seal— Jio Inzagi!"
Kamito held the large sword overhead again, at that moment—
"... You bastaarrd!"
(—What?)
Clutched within the hand that Jio stuck out, was a shiny red comma-shaped jewel.
The moment Kamito saw that jewel, an indescribable chill ran down his spine.
Terminus Est in his hand weakly shook.
The moment her blade touched the surface of the jewel—
*Pishi*— a small crack developed on Est's blade.
"...!?"
The Demon SlayerDemon King Killing Sacred Sword lost its dazzling brightness.
From the place the crack was developed, something like a black stain was spreading—
(—, Est is being corroded!?)
Kamito tried to draw back Est, and at that moment.
Jio sneered at him.
"I had said that that was your weakness— Ren Ashbell."
"Guu...!"
The released rapier had pierced the side of Kamito's abdomen.
As Kamito grasped Est, who was being varnished black, he went down on his knees at that spot.
"You can't accept spirits as tools. Therefore, you are weak."
Jio calmly stood up while playing with the red shiny comma-shaped jewel in one hand.
"That spirit crystal is... don't tell me—"
"Ahh?... That's right. That princess was holding the same thing."
"A Blood Stone...?"
It was a national-level treasure that could seal the power of a top-ranking spirit.
(Why does he have—)
"That's right. This very thing is the source of my power— the power of Nebuchadnezzarmad king spirit that rules over many spirits."
Jio loudly laughed with the jewel in his hand, and the seals engraved on his whole body ominously emitted a glow.
"..., I see, the reason you were using that many sealed spirits was the power of the high-ranking spirit that was sealed in that jewel."
In contrast to the Blood Stone which Fianna had possessed which had its releasing done, it seemed that the one Jio had, manifested its effect just by being attached onto his body.
"...What a complete fake. What an unthinkable Demon King-sama."
"You have the gall to say that, I'll make your sword spirit mine right here and now—"
The black stain was encroaching Terminus Est. Jio's loud laughter resounded within the cave.
However, a faint smile surfaced at Kamito's lips.
"Jio Inzagi, do you know? This tunnel reverberates voices well."
"Ahh? What are you saying—"
"Why do you think I was specially lecturing you about the true form of your magic tricks?"
"What?"
That's right, it did not mean that he was having a pointless talk.
Kamito was doing it to convey information.
That the spirits he used were not contracted spirits, but just sealed spirits.
"Don't misunderstand. The one you're fighting isn't Ren AshbellStrongest Blade Dancer."
At that moment, Flame Tongue that was let loose coiled around Jio's right hand.
"—It's Team Scarlet."
"...!?"
The door to the true shrine was opened. There—
Brushing up her red twin-tailed hair, and holding Flame Tongue in her hand, Claire Rouge was standing.
"You did well, Kamito. As expected of my slave spirit!"
"Why you..."
Pressing onto his side abdomen injury, Kamito groaned with a deadpan look.
Jio shook off Flame Tongue, and glared at Claire.
"Huh, thank you— You opened the true shrine's door especially for me."
"Yes, to defeat you."
There was a voice coming from behind Claire.
Fianna, who had put a solemn ritual costume on her body, was calmly walking.
Even for a girl, who had acted like an imp, she wasn't a powerless girl frightened with fear.
Standing rigidly— was a white robed Queen.
"I'll show it to you. The ritual Kagura of the Empire's second princess, Fianna Ray Ordesia."
Four years ago. That day— the girl's heart had been completely broken.
Being beat by the overwhelming fear and the sense of helplessness, she became unable to use her spirit.
To become a splendid Queen like Rubia-sama— The girl, who was cut off from that dream, had already lost it.
It became that her parents, even her sisters, and even the court ladies ignored her as they quickly changed their attitude.
The attitude of the girl, who was overly strict with herself and others, seemed to have incurred enmity before she knew it.
Therefore, the moment that the fact that she lost her power was known, it became that no one would care for her.
Before she knew it, it became like the girl closed her heart towards everything.
Without opening her heart to anyone, without embracing any interest— she had been secluding herself inside the castle.
—However, it was three years ago. The girl met her.
The Strongest Blade Dancer, who was advancing through the Blade Dance with overwhelming strength.
The girl became engrossed with her blade dance that blew away everything.
She felt like her blade dance had changed something.
Once again, she was given the strength to stand up.
(Kamito-kun, the real reason that I came to this academy— I feel like I understand it now.)
As long as she was alone, she would not have noticed it.
The things like the «wish» attained because of the Blade Dance might be truly inconsequential to her.
With just her, who she admired.
With the boy from that day, it might be just that she wanted to fight together.
(...Kamito-kun, you had said that I am your comrade.)
Even when he knew that she couldn't use her contracted spirit, he had said that.
(Besides, Claire Rouge... She also had come in contact with me without being different.)
Four years ago, that time when she stood against the Calamity Queen, she was just alone.
However, now— she had comrades that she had to protect.
Holding her iron-ribbed fan in both hands, Fianna Ray Ordesia danced the Kagura.
—(Dance, you many spirits, be released from that binding body, and dance wildly together with me!)
She was the second ranked princess maiden of the only Queen training institution in the continent— «Divine Ritual Institute».
That Kagura she was dancing was not a combat support dance that strengthened spirits.
Hearing Kamito and Jio's conversation that could be heard from the other side of the wall, she knew it intuitively.
Kamito had conveyed the things she could do as a Kagura dance expert.
If supposed that Jio Inzagi's spirits were mere sealed spirits—
To stamp their feet like time ticking away and move vigorously with stream-like movements.
Those were the perfect dance movements that they were trained in at the «Divine Ritual Institute» before they learned words.
"The seventh ritual of the ritual Kagura— The ritual of the mad banquet, I'll dedicate it here!"
"Ga...Aaah, ah, ah... you bastard, what did you do to meeee!"
Suddenly, Jio Inzagi's body twisted and fell to the ground.
Both arms were twisted in impossible orientations, and the seals of his whole body flickered violently.
"Your sealed spirits are going on a rampage. They're reacting to Fianna's dedicated ritual Kagura."
Kamito slowly stood up with Terminus Est in his hand.
"What...was that...!"
"Listen, your body that housed sealed spirits is something like a shrine that deifies many spirits."
He shrugged his shoulders as he told him.
"Furthermore, they were certainly not contracted spirits that were bound by a bond. Because of that jewel's power, they are just sealed spirits that were forcefully made to obey. There's no way that they would not be affected by an interference from outside— like the effect of Fianna's dedicated Kagura."
"Guu... Damn, gaaaa!"
Jio yelled, faced towards Fianna, who was dancing the Kagura at the true shrine, and released spirits.
Five spirits of varying attributes became entangled, and rushed in a squirming manner.
That—
"It's useless."
Claire, who was standing before the door, gathered and knocked them down with her Flame Tongue.
"I'm sorry but something like spirits that lost control can't even be an opponent for me."
"Guu... haa..."
With his body's freedom stolen by the rampaging sealed spirits, Jio's body violently convulsed.
"I'll take you under our custody. And, we'll have you speak about the incident on the Jormungandrstrategic-class militarized spirit."
Kamito approached him to apprehend him, at that moment.
"—That'll be troubling, Kamito."
From an empty space, a clear girl's voice was heard.
In front of Kamito, who stopped his feet spontaneously, thick darkness appeared.
"...!?"
It was that pleasant voice, which he would never forget.
Before long, the darkness, which was born from empty space, transformed into the appearance of a beautiful girl.
"Jio is a precious experimental body. It would be troubling for you to take him arbitrarily."
"Restia..."
Kamito groaned like he was squeezing it out from the inside of his throat.
She was his former contracted spirit— that lovely appearance of hers, which had not changed in a single way from three years ago.
Despite that Kamito had changed so much.
"You, you're the darkness spirit from that day."
"Long time no see, hell cat ojou-san."
The girl sweetly waved her hand at Claire, who was taken aback and had shouted.
"...Restia, is it you? The one trying to release Jormungandrstrategic-class militarized spirit."
He had a premonition— a premonition that she was involved behind the scene of this incident.
There was the fact that Jio Inzagi knew Kamito's true identity.
And then, there were the darkness spirits that were holding a ritual at the shrine above ground.
Above all else, the throbbing from the spirit seal, which was engraved on his left hand, was telling him of her presence.
The lovely darkness spirit made a lonely smile and nodded.
"That's right. It's my mission to release the spirit sleeping here."
"Why are you doing..."
"Because that's her desire. That's all."
"...Her?"
"Kamito, you'll eventually meet her. However, it's not now. You have not awakened yet."
"Restia, I—"
—At that moment, Jio, who had fallen to the ground, roared.
"Move aside, darkness spirit. I have not lost yet!"
"Give it up. I've said it, haven't I? You can't even beat the current him."
"Shut up, I'm-I'm the one, who will succeed the Demon King! To be beaten at..."
"You are not the Demon King. You're not even an elementalist, you're just a failure."
The darkness spirit girl said in a cold tone.
"After all, the one, who will succeed the Demon King, is—"
"..., Shut up, shut up shut up shut up, you bratsssssss!"
Suddenly, Jio, who shouted, grabbed the darkness spirit's ankle with his hand.
He stood up like that, and hung Restia upside down.
"Jio, what are you trying to do!?"
"To thank you. I am going to use you, darkness spirit!"
Jio loudly laughed with a face filled with madness.
A shiny deep crimson comma-shaped jewel was tightly grasped in one of his hand. That—
Was struck onto the ground near his feet.
"Wh!?"
"Ha, hahahaha, ha! This is the power of the Demon King, who coercively rules over even the high ranking darkness spirit!"
The deep crimson Blood Stone made a shrill crushing sound and was smashed up.
The power of Nebuchadnezzarmad king spirit poured out, became a feeler of shadow and swallowed the darkness spirit's body.
"Restia!"
Enraged, Kamito swung Terminus Est,
However, that slash, which was charged and released with the strength of all his might— did not cut and tear Jio apart.
A gigantic jet-black demon sword was grasped in Jio's hand.
That had stopped Terminus Est's blade, and was absorbing her radiance.
"That's... don't tell me, Restia's—!?"
It was her elemental waffe— Vorpal SwordThe sword that pierces the truth.
Its shape was certainly different, but that was no other than the demon sword, which the once Ren AshbellStrongest Blade Dancer was using.
"Scarlet!"
Claire shouted.
Aiming at Jio, who was madly laughing loudly, the scorching hell cat rushed on at him.
"Small fry, do not hinder the Demon Kinnggg!"
Losing his composure, Jio swung the jet-black demon sword.
Forcing back Kamito's sword— countless black lightning attacks were released from its blade.
"Kyaa!"
"Claire!"
Claire screamed, as her petite body was blown away.
"Jio Inzagi!"
Kamito roared, and swung down Terminus Est again.
"You too— Dieeeeee!"
Facing Kamito, who was rushing at him from the front, he released the black lightning attack.
It was one long lightning attack that had several times the power of the previous one.
It was directly aimed at and converged on Kamito—
"Like such a thing will hit—"
"—It'll hit."
Jio expressed a ferocious smile.
Just before dodging, Kamito realized it.
Fianna was behind him.
Fianna was staring at the assailing black lightning attack dumbfounded.
She could not dodge it. The heavy ritual costume had stolen her body's freedom.
(...Am I going to die here?)
The girl's chest was filled with a calm resignation. She reflexively closed her eyes.
However—
"Fianna!"
She was taken aback by that.
When she opened her eyes, Kamito had caught the rampaging lightning attack with his sword.
"Kamito-kun!?"
"Oooooooooo!"
While his whole body was being struck by the lightning attack, Kamito went forward.
Ren AshbellStrongest Blade Dancer, the one who had performed a splendid blade dance at the venue of the Blade Dance.
Was protecting Fianna in a tattered condition.
Even though he became bloody and was even barely standing.
"No, Kamito-kun! You're going to die—"
"I never want to lose it again. My precious comrades."
"...!"
His back was the same as that day three years ago.
It belonged to the boy, who had saved a powerless girl in the forest of Astral Zero.
It was the back of the boy, who she first fell in love with— And it was right in front of her eyes!
(This time I have to protect—)
*Ba-thump*. A hot emotion was filling Fianna's chest.
(—I want to protect him, the one who I love.)
Since that day— she had always been alone.
Without being needed by anyone, without anyone accompanying her, she was the Lost Queen.
Without anything to expect, she had given up on everything.
(—However, it's different now.)
She saw Ren Ashbell's blade dance three years ago.
And then, now she was looking at Kazehaya Kamito's back.
(—I've changed! After all, I have a wish I want granted!)
She wanted to aim for the «Blade Dance» together with Kamito.
(That was— my real wish.)
The black lightning attack was pushing back and covering the light from Terminus Est held by Kamito.
His body seemed like it was going to collapse at any time. However, he was still standing.
"—Thou, servant of the king of the child of man, knight and master swordsman!"
Fianna's lips spun the spirit language summoning majestically.
"—By the contract of the old blood, become the sword that protects me, come forth and do my bidding! "
A nostalgic feeling was resurrected in her chest.
It was the sensation that should have been lost four years ago— The throbbing of the spirit seal.
The princess' knight, which had not responded no matter how many times it was called since that day, was now—
"Come forth, holy knight spirit «Georgios»— Thou shalt become the sword that protects me!"
A dazzling light overflowed before her eyes.
It was the holy light that cleansed all darkness. It was the light that had been always protecting Fianna.
The armored knight, armed with a silver sword and a large shield, was standing before her.
It was the holy knight spirit, handed down in the Ordesia Empire— «Georgios».
There was no need for words. Fianna gently smiled at that nostalgic appearance.
A holy attribute spirit was a spirit that could only be used by a princess maiden possessing an absolutely pure soul.
Fianna, who had etched into her chest the pain of the past and yet recovered—
Was now recognized as the true master.
"I command you in the name of the Ordesia Empire's second princess— Protect Kamito-kun!"
Fianna, cloaked with the majesty of a queen, placed her hand at her waist and ordered it.
The holy knight spirit nodded without a word and brandished its large sword, which was approximately as long as its height.
Making an underground rumbling, like the ground was shaking, it rushed into the raging black lightning attack.
"—Why you, are you defying the Demon King!"
Jio Inzagi shouted. The lightning attack became a rushing stream and surged forward.
However— «Georgios» rushed onwards in the face of that.
The black lightning attack was being repelled by the shield it held aloft.
A high ranking holy spirit had full resistance against the darkness attribute.
Its large knightly sword cut and cleansed the darkness, and cleared the path in front of Kamito!
"Wh...at...!?"
Jio's face distorted with shock— Kamito didn't overlook that opportunity.
"Let's go, Est!"
Kamito drove in all the divine power he had into Terminus Est.
The Demon SlayerDemon King Killing Sacred Sword, which was swallowed up in darkness and lost its light, shone brightly once more.
"Ooooooo!"
Kamito ran with Terminus Est, who became a gigantic sword, in his hand.
"Tch— Manifest, flame spirit!"
Aiming at Kamito, who was plunging towards him from the front, Jio released the flame spirit—
"I won't let you!"
*Hyun*— A red killing flash occurred and swallowed that flame.
Claire, who was covered with injuries, was standing with her Flame Tongue in her hand.
"—I told you, we are a team."
As he plunged towards Jio's chest, Kamito told him.
"Therefore, I'll continue to grow strong. Stronger than the time I was called Ren AshbellStrongest Blade Dancer."
And then— Kamito's single hit cut off the fake Demon King's arm.

—The next morning, Kamito woke up on a bed in the medical office.
He, honestly, didn't remember much about what happened after that.
He had over-used his divine power in using Est, and his consciousness had become hazy.
Jio Inzagi was apprehended by the Sylphid Knights of the academy, who had rushed over, and was handed over to the Ordesia military as the suspect of the incident. That fake Demon King, who lost his Blood Stone's power, no longer had any power to resist.
The Jormungandrstrategic-class militarized spirit, which was sleeping under the mine, was resealed without problems by Fianna holding the ritual Kagura of resealing. The shrine, above ground, was also completely destroyed by the Knights. There should never be another chance for it be released.
The darkness spirit Restia had disappeared the moment Jio's arm was cut off.
That did not mean that she vanished— That was what the throbbing of the spirit seal, engraved on his left hand, had told him.
(Restia, what on earth are you trying to do?)
(—Because that was her wish.)
His former contracted spirit said that. And then, that he would meet (her) eventually.
Who was this "her" she had mentioned? Was she possibly referring to the (other) Ren Ashbell who was participating in this round's Blade Dance?—
(In any case, as long as we advance, we should be able to fight her.)
Their school ranking greatly went up due to the S-rank quest achievement this time, but there were still many high ranking teams. Besides, even if they reached the «Blade Dance», the elite champion teams would be selected, not only from this academy, but from every country of the continent.
(This isn't the time to be lying down here...)
Making a bitter smile, Kamito tried to get up from the bed, at that moment.
A soft sensation was squirming about from under the sheet.
"...E-Est! You again—"
He flipped up the sheet in a fluster.
A nude Est—
—wasn't on the bed.
"...Fianna?"
Kamito left his mouth open.
The one who was there, was Fianna, who was wearing a dress-like uniform on her body.
"How disappointing, I already got discovered. Despite that I was thinking of playing various things after this."
The princess brushed up her glamorous black hair, and cutely stuck out her tongue.
Being peered at by a hair-raising upward glance, his face spontaneously turned red.
"Wh-Wh-Wh-What are you doing?!"
"Fufu, do you know that a princess maiden of the «Divine Ritual Institute» knows various techniques to let spirits enjoy themselves?"
"Y-You, what do you plan on doing..."
"I'm joking. However, look, do you feel that your vitality is recovering?"
"...? Yes, certainly...!"
He felt some sort of energy swelling up in his whole body. Normally, his divine power shouldn't have recovered this much just by resting for about a day.
"It was a secret ritual Kagura of the «Divine Ritual Institute» to distribute a princess maiden's divine power—However, to use it, our skin must be closely stuck together. If you're offended, I'm sorry."
Fianna quickly blushed, and bashfully looked downwards.
"You're not thinking that I'm an im-immodest girl, right? Even I'm really... embarrassed."
"I-I'm sorry... Thank you. However, you don't have to force yourself."
Kamito apologized in a fluster.
She was pretending to be mature, but she was really an innocent princess. After making her this worried, he could not tell her to move aside.
"I'm not forcing myself. I'm doing it because I l-like it."
Fianna quickly turned away with her face still red.
"...Hey, Fianna, is it really alright for you to not return to the «Divine Ritual Institute»?"
The reason that she tried to participate in the Blade Dance should have been to regain the power of her contracted spirit by the «wish» granted to the victor.
That «wish» had already come true, so— there was already no meaning to stay in this academy.
"It isn't possible to return after all this time. Besides, you know—"
Fianna brushed up her long black hair, and gently brought her face close.
"I have another «wish» I want granted."
"What? What's your another wish?"
"It's a secret—"
There was a soft sensation on his cheek.
As her cherry-blossom lips pecked, it touched and softly left.
"...You haven't given up on ensnaring me, have you?"
Kamito groaned with a deadpan look.
"Yes, that's right. This time I'm serious."
The princess expressed an impish smile— and, at that moment.
*Gacha*— The room's door had opened.
"Ka-Kamito!?"
A red twin-tail bounced.
It was Claire who was carrying a large amount of peach canned food.
...It seemed like she had come to visit him.
She saw Kamito, who was entangled with Fianna on the bed.
*Gogogogogogogogogo...!*
"Y-Yo-You two, wh-wh-what are you doing..."
"Wait, it's a misunderstanding. Because this isn't what you think..."
"Oh, Kamito-kun, what's being misunderstood?"
Fianna tightly stuck close to Kamito's body.
"Wh-Why are you making such a pretense, it's like throwing firewood into the mouth of a volcano!?"
"...Scarlet, burn them!"
"Georgios, chase that noisy girl out!"
At that moment, the hellcat and the armored knight appeared from empty space.
While the hellcat looked intimidating, the knight unsheathed its sword.
"Hey, stop, this is a sickroom—"
Such a shout from Kamito was erased in vain by the violent sound of weapons clashing.
The peaceful sickroom transformed into a battleground for a blade dance within a moment.

—Do you dislike an immodest princess?

With this, it has been about two months of silence. This is Shimizu Yuu. I present you the second installment of the academy harem x battle comedy "Seirei Tsukai no Blade Dance", where swords, spirits and beautiful girls dance boisterously.!
Fianna, who moved into Raven Class, is the Ordesia Empire's former princess. She, who somehow knew Kamito's past, came intruding into Claire's room—
…Yes, I somewhat feel the premonition of a dreadful fighting scene (shivers).
A moral-less battle of the tsundere hellcat girl and the ero-cute princess. A mysterious enemy calling himself the successor of the Demon King. And then, the secret, which Fianna—who was called the Lost Queen—was hiding in her chest, is—?
The deplorable ojou-sama Rinslet, the pony-tail beautiful girl Ellis, nude knee-sock spirit Est also were involved, and the battles and the romance comedy are also delivered in a greatly increased amount!
Now then, this is a volume series that I started at the end of last year but thanks to you, the sales were satisfactory, and additional printing had been decided immediately after its launch. Everyone, who bought them, I really thank you!
"Seirei Tsukai no Blade Dance" is something I aimed to write without thinking of something complicated while being interesting as a light novel and amazingly enjoyable. After this, I'll also be earnestly pushing on steadily, so thank you!
Thanks time. First is Sakura Hanpen-sensei, who drew wonderful illustration without a break for one volume, really thank you very much. Each and every character designs, which goes without saying, the facial expressions and gestures are cute. Especially, the destructive power of frontispiece of Est is tremendous. And then, Fianna in the front cover is very … ero-cute!
The black panther (in the meaning that his coat has a leopard-design) Koto Shouji-sama, I've always been grateful to you. I've really already ran out of gratitude words. I also look forward to working with you on the organizing of the team battles!
Chief editor Misaka, proofreading team, binding team, sales teams and the bookstores, really thank you for everything. Especially, the new retailers Anibro Gamers, who had done the hot unfolding of a blade dance roadshow. I had the privilege of seeing it personally, and was overwhelmed by its force. Thank you, thank you.
And then, my number one thanks goes to all you readers holding this book in your hands. For the series to be able to be delivered like this, it's thanks to all you readers' support.
Everyone, who sent in questionnaires, I've carefully read your thoughts. It was truly encouraging, so, I'll happy if you send them one after another!
I'll also keep at it writing for volume three, so thank you very much.
The battle with pollens is from here on!
January 2011, Shimizu Yuu
Nice to meet you, or perhaps, long time no see, this is Sakura Hanpen!
This is the 2nd volume, Wah, *Clapping*!! This is the new character, Fianna-chan.
Personally, she has a little yandere in her, and is very cute...
That's my own impression of Fianna-chan. I quite like yandere.

In order to get the right to lick Shimizu-sensei, I'll also do my best the next time...!
I thought of trying to draw Scarlet's naughty scene next, but
I thought it was really impossible, so I had her made the M letter with her legs spread out!

Well then, just like this, the second volume had ended!
Let's meet at the third volume!


3 years ago, at the Blade Dance match venue.
"My granddaughter, look closely at Velsaria's blade dance. Sooner or later you will also serve and carry the Empire's dignity on your back and will be fighting in the blade dance matches."
"Yes, grandfather."
Towards the old aged grandfather's — Duke Fahrengart's — words, the little girl nodded and replied with a dignified voice.
She had auburn colored pupils blessed with strong light and beautiful eyebrows that were sharply angled.
Her mesmerizing blue hair was tied in a ponytail.
She was a lovely girl that anyone would turn around to look at, but there was absolutely no coquetry or sweetness in her facial expression.
She had an atmosphere like the edge of a blade that could slice one with just a touch.
Ellis Fahrengart.
Her talent as an elementalist was revealed since childhood. It had been determined that starting as of next spring, she would attend the only elementalist training institute in the Ordesia Empire, the Areishia Elementalist Academy.
She was an elite candidate as a promising Empire Spirit Knight.
Ellis leaned forward from her seat and looked down at the arena right below.
Her soft breasts were touching and rubbing on the iron fence. Her recent worries were that compared to the other girls at the same age, her breasts were developing too much.
("Really.....Things like breasts just posses as a nuisance to swinging a sword.)
Regarding this topic, the girls around her were completely jealous, however—
For Ellis, who had totally no interest regarding love affairs, having huge breasts was simply an obstruction.
("......Something like love is pointless, I will become a knight. A splendid knight just like Aneue.")
Ellis strongly closed her fist, at that moment.
A loud cheer broke out in the arena.
From the West gate, the Ordesia Empire's representative elementalist had entered.
There was a girl with blonde hair that was beautiful like it had gathered and refined the radiance of the stars.
Delicately sculpted carvings decorated her silver armor.
Clothed in a red cloak, that appearance of hers was just like a general returning victoriously.
Velsaria Eva Fahrengart.
She came from a lower noble family that went into ruins in the Ranbal war. Anticipating her talent as an elementalist, she was adopted into the Fahrengart house, and became Ellis's two year older step-sister.
Even though she was a freshman from the Areishia Spirit Academy, she was chosen from among the elites gathered from many nations as a representative at the Blade Dance.
The fact that a freshman was chosen as the Blade Dance representative was unprecedented in the long history of the Areishia Spirit Academy.
With such a step-sister, Ellis' ideal image of a knight built up and she respected her from the depths of her heart.
She headed towards the middle of the stage. Then, from the east gate, her opponent elementalist appeared.
Having long black hair that extended to her hips, she had the foreign-styled attire with a large slit inserted at the edge of the pants.
Although having youthful features, she was so beautiful that even Ellis, despite being of the same gender, was taken back.
In her hands lay, contrary to her lovely appearance, an ominous darkness-colored sword.
"Grandfather, who is that girl?"
"Ren Ashbell, an independent elementalist."
"Independent........not belonging to any country or organization. Is that what you're implying?"
"Yeah. It seems like there was the influence of a powerful person. It also seems like she's the same age as you, 13 years old."
"......."
Ellis bit her lips. Although having the same age, the fact that the girl was participating in the Blade Dance, was truly mortifying.
And then, the bell signalling the start of the match was rang.
The greatest Kagura offered to the Five Great Elemental Lords— the Blade Dance had begun.
Immediately Velsaria Eva's armor activated— and instantly shifted into battle form.
Sparkling particles of light constructed her composite armor. From both shoulders large twin-main cannons emerged.
That truly was the impregnable fortress that reigned over the lands.
Velsaria Eva's elemental waffe —Silent Fortress.
(.........What a contracted spirit. No, the one that should be praised is Aneue[1] the one using it.)
Velsaria's contracted spirit was an ancient sealed spirit that was sealed under a certain old castle.
On top of its ferocity, it was a sealed spirit that was said to be impossible for a normal elementalist to make a contract with.
And, she was able to perfectly control it.
Currently, Ellis could not even release the elemental waffe of her contracted spirit.
Just thinking about the ability difference between her and her target, also being her sister, she succumbed to feelings of shame.
(W-Will I be able to catch up behind Aneue.......)
Velsaria swung her hand up, —the main cannons on both her shoulders fired once.
She did not like a refined blade dance. She would always blast her utmost maximum firepower at her oncoming opponent—it was an extremely simple battle style.
There was an ear-splitting thunderous sound. In the arena, countless of pillars of fire's rose up.
It was over— not only Ellis, but thousands of the audience were sure about it.
But.
"Ehh?"
Ellis widely opened her eyes.
The cloud of dust cleared up and—
That black-haired girl's figure wasn't there.
(No way!?)
In that instant, a high-pitched metal-sound echoed.
Before anyone knew —the girl had moved to in front of Velsaria.
The demon sword of the girl with fluttering black hair stabbed through the Silent Fortress's composite armor.
Immediately, there was a black fog gushing out like blood spraying.
Having the armor destroyed, Velsaria slowly collapsed to the ground.
Silence arrived.
And then—
When the audiences finally noticed the situation, a break of cheers arose from where they were.
It was an unbelievable outcome. From the military based family, the Fahrengart Duke's knight was beaten by a young unnamed elementalist.
"......"
While Ellis was bewildered, the black haired girl that has beaten Velsaria was bewitching.
The elementalist that has beaten her respected sister— by all right, was supposed to be someone hated.
But, at that time what Ellis was embracing in her chest was a feeling opposite of hatred.
She was 13 years old. Although the girl was of the same age, she had shown her overwhelming power.
(Someday I too, just like her—)
A faint bud of admiration eventually became Ellis' clear goal and was carved into her heart.
Together with the name the Strongest Blade Dancer— Ren Ashbell.
*Chirp chirp...*
There was the chirping of singing birds. The fresh sunshine was shining in diagonally from the window.
"...U...n"
It was 6 o'clock, early in the morning. Kamito rubbed his sleepy eyes even though he had woken up.
He combed out his unkempt hair by hand, and then first he checked under the sheets as usual.
"Alright, today's safe."
Kamito took a breath of relief.
Recently, there were times when a fully naked sword spirit was sleeping with him, so he couldn't let his guard down.
Feeling relieved, he nimbly folded the sheets and got up.
"...I have to make breakfast."
The breakfast of Claire and the others, who were roommates, was expected to be made by Kamito every morning.
Well to begin with, he didn't hate cooking, and he was a freeloader, so he had no complaints.
"Toast with salad with bacon and eggs... Shall I specially throw in some boiled eggs today?"
After all, there was a team battle that they absolutely could not lose this morning. He wanted his two teammates and his partner sword spirit to eat something good whenever possible to restore their energy.
It has been one week since the quest at that Mine Town.
A new member was added into Team Scarlet.
She was the former second princess of the Ordesia Empire, as well as the «Divine Ritual Institute's» second ranking princess maiden.
Fianna Ray Ordesia.
Having been once called the Lost Queen, she was trying to ensnare Kamito and participate in the Blade Dance to regain the power of her spirit contract.
Eventually, she was able to regain the power of her spirit contract by her own strength, however, she continued to remain in the academy for some reason despite attaining her goal, and ended up joining Team Scarlet.
Claire had seemed displeased, but there were already only several weeks left till the Blade Dance, so she reluctantly ushered her into the team.
It was different from the individual matches three years ago, this time's Blade Dance was a team battle. Unless they gathered five teammates, they could not even get the qualifications to participate. Besides, the true strength of Fianna, who regained the power of her spirit contract, was something that even Claire could not help but recognize.
She, who was from the Queen training organization—«Divine Ritual Institute», had definitely not received any battle training, but she could provide various combat support by dancing ritual Kagura.
Also, her contracted spirit «Georgios» was a knight spirit of «defense» specialty, something Kamito and the others were weak at. Because she joined, the resulting balance in the team greatly increased in its sense of stability.
There was also the achievement of the S rank quest at Mine Town. And then, there were the successive victories of the inter-school battles.
Team Scarlet's inter-school ranking was now increasing with great momentum.
If they kept up this pace, it would no longer be just be a dream to overtake Ellis' Team, which was currently in third place.
"All that's left is for those two to be on a little better terms with each other."
He shrugged his shoulders in disappointment as he faced the kitchen—
"Hn?"
The clattering sound of tableware came from the kitchen.
And then, there was a rich sweet smell that came wafting over. It had a slightly burnt, bitter scent.
(Is this smell... by any chance, chocolate?)
Kamito frowned, and softly approached with stealthy steps.
Through the gap of the door, he carefully peered into the kitchen—
"Hey, what are you putting in!?"
"Fufuu, something that is made of mashed-up baked newt♪"
He heard Claire and Fianna's voices.
"Wh-What are you thinking?! Don't put in such a disgusting thing!"
"Ahh, I was usually using it at the Divine Ritual Institute. It seemed to have the same effect as an aphrodisiac."
"Ap-Aphrodisiac!?"
"Yes, if Kamito-kun ate this, even his true nature as the demon king of the night would appear, and he may come attacking in the middle of the night."
"At-Attack... wh-what on earth would he do?"
"Well... that is already something indecent to the extent that he could be said to have been bewitched."
"Be-Bewitched... y-you're lying, even for him, such a thing—"
"Furthermore, the two of us together."
"The two of us together!?"
"It isn't surprising for Kamito-kun to do at least that."
"Wh-Wh-What a guy... Un-Unforgivable, that pervert, cinders, cinders!"
As her voice trembled, there was the *pashin* *pashin* sound of something being hit by a whip.
(Those two...)
Kamito's temple twitched.
...Somehow, he felt that they were defaming his honor with staggering vigor.
(...Speaking of that, when did I become the demon king of the night?)
Even while Kamito was bearing this outrageous treatment, the two ojou-sama had continued their conversation.
"Fufuu, however, isn't it nice to also have Kamito-kun in an overbearing demon king mode once in a while?"
"Th-That's... Err, a-at any rate, that's a no. Putting in such a dubious thing. What are you going to do if his stomach is destroyed before the battle?"
"Oh, Claire you're no different. Do you plan on making him eat those burnt, black cinders?"
"Sh-Shut up..."
(...Cinders?)
Kamito peered into the kitchen, and a lump of something black had turned into a pile on top of the plate.
Coals for stove-use...they didn't seem like them.
"Really, the nickname of hellcat girl is not for show. After all, you turned everything into cinders."
"...I don't want to be told that by the fake breast princess."
"Oh, even without my pads mine are much bigger than yours, Claire, you know?"
"I-I want to try burning every surplus fat of those, princess."
Sparks scattered between the two of them. ...How energetic early in the morning.
It somehow had become a critical situation, so—
"Hey, what are the two of you doing?"
Kamito, finally, made an appearance in the kitchen.
"Fua, Kamito!?" "Kamito-kun!?"
The two of them turned around in a shocked manner, and hid something behind them in a fluster.
"Y-You've already awoken!?"
"Yeah, because we've a battle today. I planned on making breakfast earlier than usual—"
Then, Kamito unintentionally stopped his words.
His eyes were being rooted at Claire's appearance, whom he was facing.
"Y-You, that appearance..."
"Wh-What...? If it doesn't match me, then, how about saying that honestly?"
Claire's cheeks reddened, as she quickly turned away.
Her red twin-tail hair slightly swayed.
Her clear ruby pupils. Her lovely flower-bud-like cherry blossom lips on her smooth white skin.
Her breasts' bulge was definitely gently-sloping, but that proportion was more than charming.
If it was just her physical appearance, she was a top-class beautiful girl among all the beautiful girls within Areishia Spirit Academy.
Furthermore, Claire was currently not in her usual uniform, which he had become used to seeing.
She was very lovely, putting on an apron attached with frills.
Towards this vexing thing... He really ended up feeling dizzy for a moment.
Her small cap suited her small build, this was also unfairly lovely.
Kamito raised up both his hands like he gave up.
"No, It suits you very well. ...You're cute."
"...Wh-Wha-What are you saying, idiot, idiot, idiot, idiot!"
*Gaaa...!*
Claire's face increasingly turned red, and she was hitting Kamito's chest.
"Eh, Kamito-kun... What about me?"
Fianna slightly held her index finger to her mouth, and said, seemingly displeased.
She was wearing an apron, that was a matching set with Claire's, over her black dress-style uniform.
Her glamorous hair reached out to her waist. Her cleavage was deep, which he looked down into the chest area of her uniform.
Her dim colored pupils, which were fringed with lovely eyelashes, were extolling a mysterious light somewhere.
The former princess, Fianna, was also an evenly balanced beautiful girl as Claire.
"...Do I have to say it?"
"It's something girls would be happy when you earnestly put it into words."
Fianna giggled mischievously.
Kamito sighed in resignation.
"You're pretty, Fianna... Eh, what are you making me say in the morning?!"
"Fufu, Kamito-kun, you're surprisingly that, aren't you?"
"Aren't you the one who made me say it..."
With a deadpan look, Kamito glared at Fianna, who was giggling mischievously—
"By the way, what are you two doing? What are you hiding behind you?"
"Th-That's..."
Claire's and Fianna's faces swiftly turned red, and they bashfully entwined their fingers.
"Uh?"
Kamito frowned and pressed on—
"...Cho-Chocolate!"
Claire shouted like she turned defiant.
"Chocolate? Did you wake up to make candy or something?"
"W-Well, something like that. You know, isn't it «Valentia Holy Festival» very soon. Therefore, err, we're practicing... D-Don't misunderstand, I'll let you at least sample it, but that's all!"
—Valentia Holy Festival.
It was a popular ritual to commemorate the Queen Valentia Sadelca, who served the fire Elemental Lord several hundred years ago.
It was originally a ritual to dedicate baked sweets, which were baked by flames of purification, to spirits but— it had become "the day to give chocolate to the opposite sex, who one had a liking for" among the common masses.
"Hn? The opposite sex... But, there should only be girls in this academy—"
Kamito pointed out—
"Th-That's obvious, this is a friendship chocolate to be given to friends! Your role is just to sample it. Geez, what are you expecting? It's like you're a gluttonous pig!"
Claire talked on and on with her face bright red.
"...How mean. Wait a minute, don't you have no friends at all?"
"I-I do, things like friends! For example, Scarlet, and ...errr, the stray cat staying in the academy's garden, Kitty."
"...I'm sorry, I was in the wrong."
...It seemed like he ended up stepping on a land mine.
"A-Anyway, hey, since I made them with great trouble, be grateful and eat them!"
Claire said in anger, and thrust that cinder lump before Kamito.
"Uh... Do I have to eat... this?"
"Wh-What... I woke up early to make it, you know!"
"No, I'm certainly thankful for that, but ..."
"Kamito-kun, forget those cinders, you can eat my chocolate."
*Fuyon.*
"Fianna!?"
Suddenly, the former princess, who expressed an impish smile, was pressing her soft breasts against him.
Even without things like pads, her breasts were big enough, and a heart shaped chocolate was squeezed into her cleavage.
It was different from Claire's cinders, this one had an edible appearance, but he couldn't let himself be fooled. This impish princess had, in a certain sense, the cooking ability of a greater killing-level than Claire.
(...Just now, they said something about an aphrodisiac.)
"Kamito, quickly eat my chocolate!"
"Hey, don't hinder my Kamito-kun madly in love plan!"
As they jostled together, the two of them held out their chocolates.
"No, err, having such sweet things in the morning is..."
Kamito retreated, overwhelmed.
At that moment.
Suddenly, the living room's door opened—
"Kamito, I also tried making chocolate."
"E-Est!?"
The one who appeared was a lovely beautiful girl like a snow fairy.
Her brilliantly shining silver hair. Her tight milk-like white smooth skin.
And then, her clear violet pupils that confined a faint brilliance.
She was the sword spirit Est.
She was a sealed spirit, who made a contract with Kamito several weeks ago, and possessed exceedingly mighty power.
"..."
Kamito widened his eyes, and became stiff like he was frozen.
Claire and Fianna were also at a loss for words.
She was naked. Stark naked.
Est, who was in an appearance almost akin to that of a new-born, was simply standing there.
(Almost) referred to the fact that she was wearing black knee socks on her legs, but—
That appearance, which was called naked knee-socks[2] in slang, was in a certain way even more lascivious than being naked.
"Est, that's a crime."
"Is Est a crime?"
Est tilted her head to the side in wonder.
"...Yes, Est is a naughty criminal."
Kamito was in chaos and had blurted out something he didn't really understand.
"That's disappointing. I thought that Kamito would be delighted with this sort of appearance."
"What kind of eyes are you looking at your contractor with..."
Kamito deeply sighed with a deadpan look.
"And, what do you mean that Est also made chocolate?"
He could not see anything like chocolate in Est's hands.
Instead, she was holding a small tube made of cloth.
It was something that was often used for decorating things like cakes.
"Okay, over here."
Est nodded expressionlessly—
*Nyururun*
"Wh—"
What, she began drawing words with chocolate on her smooth white skin!
"..."
*Nyuru nyurun.* *Nyururururun.*
There was liquid chocolate freely surging out.
Drawn on her pure white virgin-snow-like soft skin were words written in the sacred language of the spirits.
When deciphered— they read "Eat me".
"E-Est!?"
The moment Kamito understood the meaning of the spirit language, his face turned bright red.
"Fuaa, y-you, what are you teaching your contracted spirit, pe-pervert !"
"Err... Kamito-kun, y-you like this sort of thing?"
Claire's face turned bright red, and she flew into a rage, and Fianna had a-little-drawn-back look on her face.
"Wait, you're misunderstanding! Hey, Est—"
"Kamito, please lick my chocolate."
The naked Est was walking with a chocolate smeared appearance.
That appearance of hers, which he peeked at through the gaps of his fingers covering his eyes, was so alluring that his heart spontaneously jumped up.
"...If you don't hurry, it'll melt."
"No, hey, wait—"
*Dotadotadotadotaa!*
Suddenly, he heard intense footsteps from the corridor.
*Bam.* The room's door was cleanly opened with force—
"Kazehaya Kamito, what on earth are you doing... Wh!?"
The one, who showed up, was—
A female knight, wearing azure light armor over her body.
She had frigid reddish brown pupils. Her rose-colored lips were tightly closed.
Her stunning blue hair was tied up in a ponytail with a ribbon.
She was the captain of the Sylphid Knights that managed the academy's public morals.
Ellis Fahrengart.
The moment she came bursting into the room, she opened her reddish brown eyes widely.
"Y-You... H-H-How shameless..."
"Wa-Wait, Ellis, you're mistaken, there's no way this is my hobby—"
"How unsightly, are you thinking that such an excuse would work?!"
*Gogogogogogogo...!*
Thunderous fierce gales blew violently around Ellis, whose eyebrows were raised.
She was a top-class wind spirit user even within the academy.
"I received a report that your room was noisy and came to see, but... I never thought that you were making your contracted spirit do such a perverted thing!"
The whirling gales mowed down the room's furniture and soon transformed into the form of a giant demon bird.
It was the high ranking demon wind spirit— «Simorgh» that served the Fahrengart family.
"Des-Despite that I had gotten a better opinion of you!"
It was certain that tears were slightly oozing around Kamito's eyes.
"E-Ellis, you're mis—"
"It's no use, be turned into paella[3] right here and now!"
*Kouu!*
She aimed and released a lump of fierce gale winds at Kamito.
Kamito's body was blown off in a straight line, and it smashed into the room's window and danced in midair.
Areishia Spirit Academy.
It was a development school that trained noble girls, who were gathered from all over the empire, into fully fledged elementalists.
The school building was like a fortress, furnished with solid ramparts. This academy, which included the continent's largest «Spirit Forest» and Mine Town within its vast territory, was just like a small independent country.
"...Sigh, he doesn't change, that boy."
As she looked down at the boy's appearance of fluttering in midair from the second floor of the dormitory—
The Academy's headmistress, Greyworth Ciel Mais, made a small sigh.
Her ash-blonde hair was gently waving. Her grey pupils extolled sharp discernment.
She definitely could only be seen as a bewitchingly beautiful lady from her outward appearance, but she was once the head knight of the Numberstwelve-knight-commanders that were boasted as the empire's strongest.
During the Ranbal war, she was the legendary elementalist, the Dusk Witch that both friends and foes feared.
"Even though there's only a few weeks till the opening of the Blade Dance, how carefree."
They seemed to have added the former second princess, Fianna, into their team and were gradually raising their ranking, but— they still had not gathered five teammates.
"Nevertheless—"
The figure of a person appeared from Greyworth's shadow.
"Calamity Queen's sister with former second princess who lost her Queen qualification. Even within my superior problem child gathering class, they are a very peculiar group."
It was a woman with black hair and a white robe put over her suit.
Spirit Contractor—Freya Grandol. Raven Class' teacher-in-charge.
"Headmistress, you seem to be pretty attached to him."
"That's right, after all, he's the one and only male elementalist in the continent."
Freya turned a strict gaze towards Greyworth, who shrugged her shoulders to dodge the question.
"Kazehaya Kamito... Who on earth is he?"
"Oh, did you also fall in love with that boy?"
"Sorry, but I do not have an interest in younger ones."
Freya shook her head, and Greyworth smiled, seemingly happy.
"Hmm... So, what information do you have for me?"
"We caught hold of information that the traders of MurdersCorpse Federation sneaked into Academy Town. They're probably trying to sell curse-binding seals to students just before the Blade Dance."
"What an annoying bunch. Order Ellis' Sylphid Knights to reinforce the security."
"Yes, there's another thing—"
"Uh?"
"Velsaria Eva has returned to the academy."
Greyworth slightly raised up her eyebrows.
"Haa, she completed the subjugation quest of a devil-class spirit in just a few weeks. As expected."
"Yea, she is without a doubt the academy's strongest elementalist at this point in time— So far, she had been doing the quests completely without assembling a team, but she would also have to recruit members to participate in the Blade Dance. She seems to be someone who would be at the top amongst the three participating."
"Well, I wonder about that?"
Greyworth smiled, seemingly amused, as she glanced towards the outside of the window.
Kamito was over there, being chased by Ellis' demon wind spirit and was frantically running from place to place.

"Kamito, they're coming. Let's break through the middle in one go!"
"Ah, I got it!"
Simultaneously with the match-commencement bell—
Kamito and Claire began running through the forest of Astral Zero.
It was a simulation practice targeting the Blade Dance, and their third battle after Fianna had joined.
They were taking a battle formation where the vanguard were Kamito and Claire, and the rear guard and commander was Fianna.
This time there was no need to incapacitate all five members of the opposing team, they had to defeat one person that was chosen to be the commander. It was Claire's judgment that it would make best use of the team's offensive ability if Fianna was posted as the rear guard and defending as the commander, instead of Claire, who would be fighting as a vanguard.
"Haa, haa... Hey, wait a bit, you two!"
Fianna ran as she gasped. For her, who had not received battle training, running also seemed tough.
"The rate of your breathing is increasing, princess."
"I can't help it, after all, my breasts aren't light like Claire's—"
"Wh-What was that...!"
Seeing Fianna's breasts shake whenever she ran, Claire tightly bit her lips.
"Hey, don't quarrel. —They're coming!"
Upon coming out from the deep forest and into an open area— Kamito shouted.
There were shadows of three elementalists in the front. It seemed like they were going to clash head on.
Claire returned to her serious face, kicked the ground, and further accelerated.
Their opponent, «Team Aquans», was ranked seventh in the interschool ranking.
It was a team that mainly constituted of powerful people gathered from the upperclassmen. They couldn't let their guard down.
Looking at the approaching opponents— Claire gasped in surprise.
Out of the approaching three people, she recognized the faces of two.
"Those two, if I recall—"
Kamito also noticed it.
They were the demon mirror elementalist and the adamantine elementalist.
A few weeks ago, they were the same upperclassmen, who had participated in the contract ritual of the militarized spirit in Academy Town.
They were the ones, who had relentlessly tormented Claire, who could not use her contracted spirit.
After that, they had the tables turned on them by Scarlet, who was possessed by the frenzy spirit, but—
Before he knew, they seemed to have joined a champion team.
"...Three from the front, huh? The remaining two should be hiding in the forest."
"I'll gather and take them on. You get the ones in the forest."
"Will you be alright?"
"Don't look down on me."
Kamito returned a wry smile to Claire, who expressed a composed smile.
"I'm going to settle it in 30 seconds."
"I'm counting on you— Scarlet!"
At the same time as Claire shouted, the incandescence hellcat running beside her changed its appearance into Flame Tongue.
It was—the incarnation of a contracted spirit that transformed into an armament—an elemental waffe. There was no one, who could release this as an elementary student.
Claire swung the Flame Tongue to the side.
The red hot whip was running as it licked the ground, and a blazing wall of flames appeared.
As the three attackers from the opposite team flinched, Kamito took the chance to quickly dash into the forest.
He cut down many trees with his shiny-silver elemental waffe sword as he ran through.
His field of vision was bad due to the drifting mist. He sharpened his whole body's senses, and sensed the presence of divine power, which was the source of the power of an elementalist— a battle ability driven into him when he was young at the «Instructional School».
(—One is coming this way.)
He felt the presence behind him. One of the three seemed to be chasing after Kamito.
He tried to stop and turn around, and at that moment.
*Vun*— A sound like the flapping of a bug's wings skimmed past his earlobes.
The attack he had just barely dodged pulverized the tree behind him.
(What? I didn't see the trajectory of that attack—)
He turned towards the direction of the sound— There was the figure of the furious attacker.
It was a small built girl with chestnut-color hair. She was holding a small harp in her hand.
It was a musical-instrument-type elemental waffe.
The girl strummed the harp— and a slash attack was released again.
The invisible sound blade cut Kamito's leg and the many tree leaves fluttered and scattered in a flash.
It was a rather troublesome elemental waffe. It differed from a normal shooting attack, since he could not observe the shooter's hand movement and gaze to predict the trajectory.
(—In that case, I'll close in and bring her down in one attack!)
He ignored the elementalist chasing him behind. Holding the sword horizontally, Kamito rushed straight in.
The chestnut-colored hair girl violently strummed her harp. Perhaps she was flustered by Kamito's approaching speed, the invisible blades were released towards an almost random direction.
(No, this is—)
Kamito noticed his opponent's aim.
In the following moment, the sound blades that should have been out of range simultaneously rained incessantly on him from behind.
"...!"
The academy's uniform that had stab-proof features was cut and ripped, and intense pain attacked Kamito's whole body.
Even if he received an attack from a spirit in Astral Zero, his physical flesh would never receive damage, but that didn't mean that the sensation of pain completely vanished.
"You've let your guard down, male elementalist!"
There was a scorning-like voice from behind. It was the elementalist that came chasing after Kamito.
Upon turning around, there was the upperclassman smirking with a sphere-shaped spirit floating on her palm.
"I see, you amplified the sound blades and reflected them, huh? ..."
The reflection of attribute attacks was the demon mirror spirit's special trait.
It was a combination attack utilizing their spirits' compatibility—as expected, they were accustomed to battle.
"Vit, that guy's elemental waffe is a sword. It's no big deal as long as we keep our distance."
The harp girl silently nodded. They seemed to be planning to pincer attack him and bring him down for sure.
(...They have analyzed my battle strengths, huh?)
Terminus Est was an elemental waffe of the strongest class, but since she was a sword, she could only do close-range attacks.
Also, Kamito couldn't use powerful spirit magic like Claire.
The handling of spirit magic was something necessary for the systematic research relating to the spirit subject, but Kamito was of «Instructional School» origin and thus he didn't receive practically any training in that area.
However, if they were under the impression that Kamito's long distance attack measures were nonexistent, they were mistaken.
"Est!"
As she heard Kamito's shouting voice, the elemental waffe metamorphosed.
From a single-edged long sword, into a beautiful short sword attached with an ornament.
At that moment, there were the countless sound blades, released from both sides.
The moment he dodged them, Kamito threw the short sword.
Perhaps because she didn't think he would throw his elemental waffe, the sound elementalist had a surprised facial expression.
The short sword hit and was sucked into her chest.
In Astral Zero, a contracted spirit could be used as the incarnation of pure divine power.
There were no injuries on her pierced chest, yet she lost consciousness in an instant and shouldn't even have the time to feel the pain.
At the same time, Kamito was running.
He extracted the short sword from the fainted girl, and at the same time he turned around, he repelled the sound blades that came attacking from behind. He poured divine power into the short sword, and restored Est to the previous long sword— Realizing the failure of that attack, the demon mirror elementalist tried to plot her escape, but that was too late of a reaction.
"Sorry, the short sword is more of my specialty."
The glowing silver sword pierced through the demon mirror spirit all together with the upperclassman.
Upon confirming that the two had fainted, and quickly returning to the location where Claire was fighting—
"You're late, seven seconds late."
"You were counting? You're such a stingy fellow."
Within the whirling crimson flames, Claire was dancing a splendid blade dance.
There were the remains of the melted crag spirit rolling on the ground— She seemed to have already defeated one person.
The one remaining was the adamantine elementalist. As she parried the spirit, which had taken on its gigantic ore form, away with her whip, Claire was making walls of flame to seal her opponent's movement. The blazing flames totally did not weaken. On the contrary, fanned by the thunderous violent-blowing wind, they seemed to be increasingly growing hotter.
It was the assistive effect of the ritual dance performance that Fianna danced. The power of the wind Elemental Lord was fiercely stirring up the flames.
However, the opponent was an adamantine spirit, which possessed resistance against the fire attribute. It was acting as if the walls of flame were nothing.
"Your flame spirit won't work on my «Adamantine»!"
The adamantine spirit came assaulting straight on. Claire kicked the ground and jumped.
That appearance of her red twin tails flying and fluttering seemed almost as if they were scattering sparks.
The crimson killing flash freely tore through the sky. The surrounding trees were cut from their roots.
No. The ones cut weren't just the trees of the forest.
Perhaps it was unable to withstand the accumulation of damage any longer; he thought that he heard a metal-scraping-like sound as the adamantine spirit in its ore form was cleanly split into four and fell to the ground.
"No way, my adamantine spirit!?"
"Certainly, the adamantine spirit has a resistance against the fire attribute. However, it seemed to be brittle against a cutting attack."
Claire landed on the ground, and brushed her red twintails.
Jumping and scattering sparks landed into a puddle and made a sizzling sound.
"...A puddle?"
Kamito, who had been fascinated by Claire's blade dance, suddenly frowned.
It was just behind Fianna, who was performing the ritual dance.
(Just now, there wasn't a puddle at such a—)
At that moment.
"—Kyaa!?"
Fianna screamed.
Suddenly, her body was caught by a giant shadow that appeared from the inside of the puddle.
It had a big slimy transparent frame and ominously shiny red eyes.
And then, it had a large spread out chin.
That was a water spirit in a giant serpent form.
"Fianna!"
"Ah, hn... What are you doing?!"
Its wet shiny semi-transparent body turned over Fianna's skirt, and was tightly twining around her slender body. Her tender breasts were squeezed out and a gasping-like breath leaked out from her throat.
Fianna was suspended in midair as she writhed, but she was helpless against the spirit opponent.
"No, no, don't touch anywhere, eh... n-noooooo!"
"Why you, release Fianna!"
Aiming at the slimy coiling serpent's body, Claire launched her Flame Tongue.
However, the Flame Tongue made a sizzling noise and slipped though the semi-transparent body.
It was a water spirit, which had the worst compatibility with Scarlet, which was a flame spirit. Even within the five grand elemental spirits, it was the spirit that Claire wanted to not deal with the most. Furthermore, a spirit that took on a beast form was a high ranking spirit. That was probably the commander's contracted spirit— but there were no signs of the elementalist using it around.
"Damn—"
Kamito was about to run to her side, and at that moment.
The water spirit raised its head, aimed at Claire and released a strong Aqua Breath.
Claire knocked down the water bullets with her Flame Tongue, but she simply couldn't defend against all of them—
"Claire!"
Kamito quickly changed his direction, grabbed Claire's body, and jumped.
Immediately after that, countless water bullets had made their impact. Large explosions, as if turning the ground inside out, occurred in succession.
"..., An attack-type water spirit? What power."
"Fuaa, Ka-Kamito, what are you doing?!"
*Don*, they landed on the ground, and Claire turned bright red and shouted.
It seems that being carried in his arms made her embarrassed.
"I-I got it! I got it, so don't scratch my face!"
The moment Claire was softly let off onto the ground, the water spirit turned around.
Raising its head, it tried to release its strong Aqua Breath again.
At that moment, a dazzling flash surged out from the serpent's body.
——Thou, servant of the king of the child of man, knight and master swordsman!
——By the contract of the old blood, become the sword that protects me, please hurry and come to my side!
In the instant when the tightening jolted, Fianna took the chance to recite the spirit summoning incantation.
Immediately, the gigantic water spirit's body swelled up and exploded in one go from the inside.
The one appearing from within the flash was—
An armored knight, carrying Fianna in one hand.
It had a rigid silver heavy-armor. Its red eyes were glaringly shining in its helmet.
It was the knight spirit «Georgios»— The contracted spirit that served the Ordesia royal family for generations.
It was power that Fianna, who was once called the Lost Queen, had regained.
Fianna was gently let down and collapsed on the ground since she had exhausted all her strength.
"Checkmate"
Kamito calmly informed, and pointed the tip of the sword at the middle of the puddle.
"...It seems this is it."
The commander water elementalist, who was hiding, admitted defeat, seemingly vexed.
Kamito and the others, who returned from the forest of Astral Zero, were walking in a line in the academy's corridor.
Fianna, who had been caught and twined up by the water spirit, had a dead-tired expression.
Est, who turned back into her human form, was slightly pinching on the cuffs of Kamito's uniform.
"This makes it our third consecutive victory in our battles, this is all thanks to my wonderful commands."
Brushing her red twin-tails, Claire muttered in a good mood.
"I won't deny it, but... today's match was a little too much of a close call."
Kamito shrugged his shoulders and pointed out.
Although, winning against the seventh ranking team was great. With this, they should have come within reach of the top three, who were able to get the participating qualification of the Blade Dance.
"That's right, we can't feel relieved yet. As far as the top ranking team we have not yet fought with is concerned, the possibility that we'll get Ellis' third ranking team next is high."
"Ellis?... I'll want to seriously cross swords with her once."
Ellis' blade dance was, completely without things like tricks, a fair and square knight's blade dance.
If it was her, he was sure that he could surely fight feeling good.
Claire somehow pouted her lips, seemingly displeased, at Kamito muttering such things.
"Wh-What, you want to see Ellis' breasts shaking so much?"
"What... Well, certainly, Ellis' breasts are big, but— Ah, no."
As Claire was sternly glaring, Kamito averted the topic in a fluster.
"Although, if I recall Ellis' team had two comrades who're still injuried, right?"
They were the Sylphid Knights' Rakka and Reishia. They, who were also Ellis' teammate, fought Jio Inzagi in the quest the other day and were injured.
It was certain to take fair amount of time for the two of them to return to the academy.
"Yeah, in the case that Ellis defaults— we may have to fight against the second ranking team, or the first ranking's Velsaria. Honestly, it's not very appealing."
"Velsaria?"
"A knight of the Fahrengart duke family. Taking on the nickname of Silent Fortress, she's the academy's strongest elementalist."
The instant Claire spoke of that nickname, her voice slightly trembled.
"The academy's strongest..."
She was first in the inter-school rankings. She was the academy's strongest elementalist that even Claire feared.
What kind of opponent was she?—
(Hn? However, the Fahrengart duke family was certainly...)
Suddenly, Kamito seemed to have recalled something, but—
"Well, in any case—"
To shake off the heavy atmosphere, Claire tightly thrust out her index finger.
"Let's have lunch or something. A victory celebration party to celebrate our consecutive victories."
"It's still before noon. You'll grow fat if you overeat."
"An elementalist, who exhausted her divine power in battle, would not grow fat."
Placing her hands at her waist, Claire swelled out her cheeks sullenly.
"So, the nutrition that should go to your breasts were all taken by your contracted spirit. How pitiful."
"Eh?"
Hearing Fianna's murmuring—
Claire was taken aback, and looked down at the hellcat spirit near her feet.
"...Hey, Scarlet."
"Nya?"
"By any chance, are you burning my breasts' fat?"
*Gogogogogogogo...!*
"Nya,nya,nyaa, nyaaa!"
"Ah, hey, wait up!"
Scarlet shook its head, and escaped at full speed through the corridor.
(...Umm, I somewhat feel a sense of affinity to Scarlet.)
Kamito was thinking of such things, when—
*Kuikui*. The sleeve of his uniform was pulled from behind.
Turning around, Est was gazing at Kamito with her clear violet pupils.
"Kamito, Est is hungry."
"Ahh, Est, as you have really done your best, you can eat the things you like."
"Okay, Kamito. Please praise Est more."
"...It can't be helped."
*Surisuri*. *Nadenade*.
He made a wry smile as he gave her head a pat, and Est partly closed her eyes, seemingly feeling good.
"... Y-You, why are you soft on Est?"
"What, Claire, do you also want to be patted?"
"Wh... There's no... Fuan"
Kamito placed his other hand on Claire's head, and she made a somewhat cute voice.
Upon patting her head, she became docile almost like a cat, which was fondled at its throat.
(Th-This is a little cute...)
Kamito was also unconsciously startled at the hellcat girl's unexpected weak point.
"Mmm, Kamito-kun, are you not going to pat me?"
Holding her index finger at her mouth, Fianna muttered seemingly lonely.
Then.
"—Hmm, you seem to be having fun. Sister of the Calamity Queen."
A cold voice was heard from behind.
"...?"
Upon turning around—
"Even though, the truth is you don't have things like the qualifications to be in this academy."
"Do you get what your sister did to the empire?"
It was the upperclassman from the match a while ago— those two, the adamantine elementalist and the demon mirror elementalist.
"What did you—"
Kamito grabbed and stopped Claire's arm, who was enraged.
"Claire, calm down. Don't easily fall for their provocations."
"..., But Nee-sama was insulted.!"
"If you cause a dueling uproar here, our participation in the Blade Dance will also be in jeopardy."
Kamito whispered, and Claire thoroughly bit her lips, seemingly frustrated.
If they receive a punishment for a dueling uproar, the ranking that they raised with great trouble would end up being drastically reduced.
The two of them in front of him also knew that and were provoking Claire on purpose.
(Those two...)
Although, even Kamito also couldn't stay composed.
It was for only an instant, but Kamito didn't miss Claire's hurt expression. The matter about her sister, Rubia Elstien, had been a great emotional scar to her.
"This is really sickening. For the sister of a felon, who did that much, to be boldly attending the academy, what on earth are your nerves made of—"
"Hey, you better—"
Kamito tried to complain, and at that moment.
*Katsun*— Elegant footsteps were heard in the corridor.
"Hmm, how disgraceful, seniors. We, the academy students, are empire nobles with pride. If you have a pretext, it is manners to settle it with an official duel."
Her extravagant platinum-blonde hair fluttered up.
She had the conduct of a noble that was perfectly in order up to her fingertips.
"...Rinslet?"
Yes—
The one, who was slowly walking from the other side of the corridor, was a blond haired beautiful girl overflowing with elegance.
She was the eldest daughter with the lineage of the honorable Laurenfrost family, and also the self-declared rival of Claire.
She was Miss Rinslet Laurenfrost.
Her emerald green pupils, which hid faint brilliance, were fearlessly glaring at the two upperclassman.
"Or perhaps, rural nobles, like you seniors, do not even happen to have that extent of pride?"
"..., What was that!?"
Being provoked, one of the enraged upperclassmen summoned her adamantine spirit.
(Danger—)
Kamito rushed out in front to try to protect Rinslet, but—
"—You're slow."
"Wh!?"
The upperclassman distorted her face in shock.
Rinslet's nocked demon bow of ice was certainly aimed at the place between her eyebrows.
It was the high ranking demon ice spirit «Fenrir's» elemental waffe— Freezing Arrow.
"The one, who moved first, was you seniors. Therefore, this is a proper self-defense. Although, it seemed that I, who moved later, was somehow faster."
"..., Ridiculous, you released your elemental waffe in an instant!?"
The upperclassman stiffened as the aim was kept affixed between her eyebrows.
Honestly, the releasing speed just now astonished even Kamito.
"It is wiser for you to give up. It is faster for me to release my arrow— Or perhaps, you planned on competing with this ice demon Rinslet here?"
"...Y-You'll remember this."
Seemingly frustrated, the two upperclassmen said disdainfully and glared at Claire before running in the end.
"Hmm, a wise judgment."
Rinslet proudly brushed her hair, and kept her elemental waffe bow.
"Rinslet, you..."
"Oh, this is not something you have to feel indebted for, Claire Rouge. I really hate those sort of prideless nobles."
"I-It's not like I feel indebted or something!"
"Claire, don't be bothered by those kind of people."
"I-I'm not... That sort of thing is normal."
Claire rubbed her eyes, and quickly turned away.
"B-By the way, everyone—"
"Ahem", Rinslet coughed.
"Um?"
"E-Err... Just now, I heard something about a victory celebration party."
Her face was slightly red. Her appearance, where she was frigid, suddenly changed, and she entwined her fingers bashfully, as her line of sight was wandering about in a really un-composed manner.
"What, you were listening to our conversation?"
"I-It was by chance, it was just that it entered my ears by chance!"
Rinslet shook her head and denied.
"Although you're having a victory celebration party, since it's you guys, you would be having it in the academy's dining hall, right?"
"...Hn, yeah."
Kamito articulated poorly and nodded.
Kamito wasn't even a noble, and Claire also had her territory and property seized. Fianna was the former princess, but at the point of time she decided to admit into the academy, she was practically disinherited.
It didn't mean that they were short on money, but they didn't have the surplus to squander it.
"How about having lunch at a high-class restaurant in Academy Town once in a while?"
"Err, we don't have..."
Kamito staggered in his words—
"Hmm, to settle that, I will be treating. This is a small expense for my Laurenfrost family. Claire Rouge, your Highness, and the spirit over there, there is no need to hold back."
The ojou-sama brushed her platinum-blonde hair.
"No." "I decline."
However, Claire and Fianna mercilessly rejected her.
"Wh-Why?!"
"Because I don't want to be indebted to you."
"Speaking of which, why is Rinslet coming to Team Scarlet's victory celebration party?"
"Th-That's... err... u..."
Rinslet became teary at the merciless retorts by the two ojou-sama.
There was no longer any fragment of her braveness from just now.
At that point.
"In other words, Milady wants to have a meal with everyone ♪ "
Maid Carol suddenly appeared from somewhere.
"Carol!? Wh-What are you saying? This girl is just...!"
*Pokapokapokapoka*.
Turning bright red, Rinslet hits Carol's shoulder.
It was a splendid interpretation as usual.
"...What, if that was the case, all you had to do was say so at the beginning."
Claire shrugged her shoulders as she was astounded.
"Eh? I-It's alright... for me to also come together?"
"I don't do such spiteful things. It's just the right time, because Kamito was hospitalized due to his injuries, we didn't celebrate the completion of the quest the other day. You come too."
Rinslet's face shone in a flash.
"Kamito, I want to eat parfait."
"Ahh, now that you mentioned it, I promised you that a while ago."
*Tug-tug*. His sleeves were pulled by Est, and Kamito nodded.
"Well, putting aside the high class restaurant, it might also be nice to eat in Academy Town."
They always settled lunch at the salon café with all-you-can-eat bread, as it was troublesome to specially get permission to go out, there was hardly any time they went outside the academy.
To try to go out to Academy Town once in a while was because it might be a good change of mood.
"Well then, it's decided. I'll go get the permission to go out of the academy right now."
"Ah, wait."
Kamito called Claire, who walked off, to stop.
"What?"
"I have a supplementary class for the fundamental subject after this."
"...Huh? Don't tell me you failed the fundamental subject?"
"...Sorry."
Kamito nodded, being discouraged.
"I can't believe it. Why did you fail such an easy lecture?"
"Gu..."
...He couldn't answer back. To begin with, Kamito, who was from the «Instructional School», had not received education on the systematic spirit subjects so far, so if he couldn't help it, he couldn't help it.
On the other hand, the results of Claire's lecture subjects were unexpectedly top-class even in the Academy.
If it was just by her results, she was a super honor student. The superior problem child was something often said about her.
"...It can't be helped. Well then, we'll wait till Kamito's supplementary class ends. It'll be a slightly late lunch, but is it alright if we meet in front of the main gate at two?"

—And just like that, Kamito went towards the fundamental subject classroom to take the supplementary class.
Since Est disliked sitting down and listening to the lecture, she seemed to be playing with Scarlet outside.
When he opened the door of the classroom, he spotted an appearance he recognized from behind among the scattered students.
That blue pony-tail was... without a doubt, the captain of the Knights, Ellis.
"She's also in the supplementary class?"
It was a little surprising that that serious knight girl had failed the lecture.
Kamito approached from behind to try to call out to her.
For the time being, he had to explain about this morning's incident.
Ellis opened her thick book, which was written in Spirit language, and was softly muttering it out.
In her engrossment in studying, she seemed to have completely not noticed that Kamito was drawing closer.
(By any chance, is she simply trying to memorize the contents of the book word for word?)
He thought that it couldn't be so, but the person herself was seriously trying to memorize it.
(...I see, she's the type that's overly serious and poor at studying.)
It was the same headlong type as her battle style. Types like this would make progress as long as they did not make a mistake in the way of putting in effort, however, they would stumble many times from time to time.
"Yo, Ellis."
"Hyan!"
The moment Kamito called out, a cutting-flash occurred.
As Ellis turned around, she swung her sword downwards.
"..."
The sword stuck in the desk and it bent.
Kamito had dodged the slash with a paper-thin difference.
"A-Are... you trying to kill me?!"
"Ka-Kazehaya Kamito... don't suddenly stand behind me!"
Despite that he was almost killed, she ended up being angry. ...How absurd.
"That was a very cute scream, Captain."
"Do you want to be made into chicken pilaf?"
Ellis' eyes dangerously hung up.
...It was very good that the variation of her cooking seemed to be spreading out nicely.
"I'm sorry for surprising you. Ellis, are you also taking supplementary class?"
"Yeah, that's right. I had failed the fundamental subject."
"It's a painful thing for both of us. Since, we're in the same supplementary class after all, let us get along nicely."
"Don't group me together with you, I was busy with the Knights work and failed to earn the credit!"
As he made a bitter smile at an enraged Ellis, Kamito sat beside her.
As expected, she wasn't wearing the Knights armor when she took the supplementary class.
Ellis in a normal uniform was somewhat refreshing.
She always had that gallant impression, but now she felt somewhat lovely.
(...By the way, Ellis' breasts are surprisingly big.)
Kamito was tentatively also a boy in puberty. It couldn't be helped that his eyes unconsciously went over there.
(With that size, isn't it considerably tight in the Knights breastplate?)
He was thinking about such things, when—
"Err... Kazehaya Kamito."
Suddenly, Ellis coughed.
"Uh?"
"It's regarding this morning, but I'm sorry."
"Eh?"
"I heard the circumstances from Claire and the others after that. It appears that I had misunderstood. I'm sorry... I want you to forgive me."
Ellis shook her ponytail and bowed her head down.
"Ah, don't worry about it. Instead, if Ellis didn't come at that time, how should I put it, I feel that that would have turned into various terrible things."
Kamito made a bitter smile as he waved his hand, and Ellis breathed a sigh of relief.
"They were making chocolates for the «Valentia Holy Festival», right?"
"...Ya, that seemed like it. Ellis, would you happen to be making it too?"
"M-Me!?"
At that moment, Ellis turned bright red.
"I-I don't have an interest in that kind of insolent event!"
She suddenly flared up for some reason.
"To make merry in such an event is outrageous, it's like neglecting one's duty as an academy student."
Ellis coughed, and fixed her sights on her spirit subject textbook again.
To cool her flushed face, she began to mutter and memorize again.
Being unable to just watch, Kamito advised her.
"Ellis, even without memorizing everything, isn't it alright to memorize just the important parts?"
"B-But, in that case, I would not be studying it precisely."
"It's much more futile to blindly memorize without understanding the contents. Look."
"Fuaa, Wh-Wha-What are you doing?!"
"Since, you have seriously taken down your notes, I'll teach you just the important parts."
Kamito looked at the book from the side, and Ellis was flustered.
"Hn, what's the matter?"
"Y-Your arm is touching my breast... Err..."
"Hn?"
She seemed to have said something, but her voice was too soft such that he couldn't hear it.
Kamito drew his face even closer, and Ellis' face turned bright red.
Without caring, Kamito was placing marks one after another with the pencil onto the textbook.
"This is like this, right? And, this is—"
"U-Um, I see... Your teaching method is good."
"Is that so?"
Well, certainly if compared to Claire's teaching method, it might be better. There was the time he got Claire to explain the contents of the lecture before, but... honestly, he completely did not understand what she was saying.
A genius type like Claire often seemed bad at teaching others.
"T-The next time, teach me various things again. Your explanations are very easy to understand."
"Ahh, no problem."
Kamito friendlily assured her, and then, he set his sights towards the platform in a fluster.
Before he knew it, his lecturer-in-charge Freya was standing on the platform.
If he had turned to the front a few seconds later, it was certain that a chalk would come flying at the speed of sound.
Teacher Freya's supplementary class began.
Ellis nodded seriously as usual as she was listening attentively to the lecture.
"—In other words, depending on the situation, it appears that there are also cases that result in the annihilation of contracted spirits. Of course, I believe that there isn't a fool that would reach her hand out to Cursed Armament Seals."
What Teacher Freya was talking about was regarding the deciphering of the spirit seal and the «Cursed Armament Seal».
Cursed Armament Seal, so to speak, was about the matter of being granted a spirit seal through artificial means.
It was still used during the Ranbal war, but its use has been currently prohibited by the cross-national treaty. Although, it was an open secret that some countries and organizations were still advancing its research.
(Because even the «Instructional School» I was at was also researching the Cursed Armament Seals...)
An orphan of the «Instructional School», Jio Inzagi, they fought the other day.
The part where that boy had sealed seventy-two spirits was also a type of Cursed Armament Seal that was engraved on his body.
Besides sealing spirits, Cursed Armament Seals had various effects like forcefully drawing out a contracted spirit's power and granting new attributes. Just hearing this much, they seemed handy, but— for it to be prohibited by the cross-national treaty, of course, there was a proper reason.
Among the people implanted with the Cursed Armament Seal, there were endless cases of fatal side effects occurring.
"During the Ranbal war, many elementalists were rounded up, and among them there were also people forcefully implanted with the Cursed Armament Seal by the military. What became of most of them?— Ellis, try answering."
"Okay, the power of their contracted spirits was driven into a rampage, and there were even fatal cases, I've heard."
Ellis, who was pointed out from the platform, clearly answered.
"That's right. It is said that the number of people, whose body are compatible with the Cursed Armament Seal, is only less than ten percent even among the elementalists. However, in spite of the fact that that risk is evident, even now, the fact that illegal researches are continuing means that there are that many people who seek for easy power."
Teacher Freya informed in a strict voice, and swung her cane.
Suddenly, Kamito, who thought the teacher's attitude was suspicious, whispered to Ellis in a soft voice.
"She's sincerely emphasizing about the Cursed Armament Seal. This isn't the content of the fundamental subject, right?"
"...Yes. As a matter of fact, there was a notification for the Sylphid Knights this morning."
Ellis slightly nodded.
"Somehow, recently there seemed to be a group illegally selling Cursed Armament Seals in Academy Town. As it's the period just before the Blade Dance, she's probably accosting a warning even during the lecture."
The sale of Cursed Armament Seals was naturally prohibited within the Ordesia Empire.
The princess maidens attending the academy should also perfectly understand that riskiness.
However, even amongst them, there were those kinds of people, who would reach out for easy power.
Especially, for a team whose results were sluggish just before the Blade Dance, it wouldn't be strange for some people to take the plunge and have an implantation, aware of the danger.
The implantation of the Cursed Armament Seal cost a large sum of money, but the princess maidens attending the academy were mostly great nobles possessing territory.
As far as the illegal organization was concerned, it was business that also had far lower risks than poaching in the spirit forest and selling sealed spirits on the black market, and could also raise enormous profits.
"Having a hand in the Cursed Armament Seals is the weakness of the heart. However, the number one evil is, of course, the people illegally handling the Cursed Armament Seals. As a knight, I'll never forgive those people who ruin the academy."
Ellis tightly clenched her fist, and muttered with determination.
The weakness of the heart that sought dangerous power— He couldn't condemn that.
Anyone would also have the likelihood of falling into that temptation.
Even that proud Claire Rouge was like that.
Despairing in her own weakness, she accepted the frenzy spirit Restia presented.
To want to obtain strong power no matter what one had to do— That was something hard to understand for Kamito, who had once held the title of strongest.
Being able to exchange feelings with spirits in spite of being a boy! —There was also a time that he thought of even cursing that power, which was the same as that person, who was called the history's worst Demon King.
(—However, I can imagine it.)
Kamito cast his eyes onto his left hand covered by a leather glove.
If he couldn't take Restiaher back with his current power—
It might be possible that he would end up reaching out for that prohibited power.
"How many such people has the Sylphid Knights arrested?"
"Err, of course, to expose this type of illegal organization, the Knights are also concentrating all their strengths, but— since that assault the other day, our present condition is that we are being afflicted by a serious short-handedness."
"Is that so?..."
The incident the other day— That was about the incident that Jio Inzagi battled the Sylphid Knights, and stole highly classified materials of the «strategic-class militarized spirit» from the sealed library in the Academy.
There were five knights, who were injured that time. Furthermore, Rakka and Reishia, who were also Ellis' teammates, were injured during the quest in Mine Town.
The total number of people in the Sylphid Knights was twenty at best.
So, that meant that a third of the organization was not functioning in their present condition.
"Are your two teammates already alright?"
"Ahh, they seemed to have recovered to the point of being able to somehow move their body. They have not yet recovered to the point where they can come back to the academy. If you had not come to help at that time, the girls and I would surely have been unable to return to the academy. ...I have to express my gratitude to you again."
"We were at that place because of our quest. It's natural to protect comrades of the academy, so Ellis, it isn't something you have to feel indebted for. We also received a reward and a thank-you-letter from the Knights."
Kamito reflexively made a bitter smile at the ever-serious Ellis.
"That's something awarded to Team Scarlet. What I am saying is, err, that I have to express a more personal gratitude to you, or perhaps I should say that I want to do so..."
"Uh?"
Ellis bashfully mumbled. It was unusual for her, who was always frigid.
"What? Say it in a louder voice."
"...I-I mean—"
Ellis came closer to his body.
Smelling the faint yet nice smell of soap, Kamito was spontaneously startled.
"Err, do you have some plans after the supplementary class?"
"Plans? Ahh, we're having a victory celebration party with Claire and the others, but... Ellis, are you also coming?"
"..."
When Kamito answered, Ellis placed her hand at her chin like she was a little perplexed—
"No, I'll have to decline. I seem to be disliked by Claire Rouge."
She calmly shook her head.
"Then, are you free in the evening?"
"Yes, as long as it's not too late..."
Kamito tilted his head—
"However, why?"
"Uh, ah... I mean, err, I-I want you to help teach me with my studies!"
"Studies?"
"That's right! D-Didn't you promise that you'll teach me just now?!"
Ellis' face turned bright red.
"Err, I certainly said that, but... it's rather sudden."
"...W-Will you teach me or will you not, which is it?!"
"I-I got it... Let's see, well then, five o'clock in front of the middle auditorium, is that alright?"
"U-Um, I got it. After all, I also have to prepare various things."
"Prepare?"
"I-It's nothing... J-Just look forward to it!"
After telling it one-sidedly, Ellis quickly hid her face beneath her textbook.
(...What on earth was that?)
After the supplementary class ended and bidding farewell to Ellis, Kamito hurriedly ran to the front of the main gate of the academy.
"You're late, Kamito!"
*Pishi!* *Pishi!* Claire was making sounds with her whip. ...She seemed pretty angry.
"Good grief, a man keeping a lady waiting is the worst."
"If I was the queen, I'd behead you."
Rinslet and Fianna were also angry.
"Sorry..." Kamito docilely apologized.
"Kamito, I want to eat parfait soon."
Est was motionlessly and expressionlessly staring at Kamito.
"Yeah, I keep on relying on Est every time. So, ask for anything today."
"I'm happy, Kamito."
Saying that, Est grasped tightly onto Kamito's hand.
"Wh—"
Claire and the others, the three of them, became stiff like they were frozen.
"Hn, what's the matter?"
As Kamito's hands were kept joined with Est's, he turned around—
The three of them kept glaring at Kamito, as they groaned "Gununu...".
"Fufu, everyone, his other hand is still free, you know?"
Carol placed her hand near her mouth, and gently smiled.
"I-It's not like that!" "Holding hands and such..." "I-I'm not a kid, you know!"
The three ojou-sama blushed, and quickly turned away.
"Ah, is that so? Well then, by the order of arrival, I'll do it."
Carol was tightly grasping onto Kamito's hand.
"...!"
"This is a little embarrassing. ...Hn, what's the matter, everyone?"
"I-It's nothing, Let's quickly get going, idiot!"
Suddenly, Claire walked off like she was angry.
"A man who toys with a girl's feelings deserves death."
"Haa, Kamito-kun is really the demon king of the night..."
Rinslet and Fianna also started walking.
"...What was that?"
With his hands kept joined with the two of theirs, Est's and Carol's, Kamito tilted his head.
If Areishia Spirit Academy was a castle, then Academy Town at the bottom would be its castle town.
Its outer edge was encircled by the spirit forest and ramparts, and the town was divided into five areas associated with the five grand spirits.
The part that academy students used for a breather after examinations was primarily the «Water» area. Rivaling the imperial capital, entertainment facilities, such as jewelry shops, restaurants and large public baths, were gathered here.
On the other hand, the «Wind» area, which Kamito and the others were heading to, was an area that ordinary townspeople lived in.
A vivid embroidered horizontal banner was hung out on the road, and small wooden frames that were for deifying the spirits of the land were being made everywhere. It seemed to be preparations for tomorrow's «Valentia Holy Festival».
"It's awfully busy. It still has a different ambiance compared to the austere Imperial Empire's grand spirit festival."
Being brought up in the imperial capital, Fianna voiced her thoughts.
"That's because the Valentia Holy Festival is a festival by ordinary townspeople. Its nuance is a little different from the ritual that princess maidens dedicate to spirits in."
"Either way, it's close to the opening day of the Blade Dance."
As Kamito gazed at the townscape full of liveliness, he muttered.
"... Ahh, that might be the case."
Claire nodded as she walked.
Although it's called the Blade Dance, it didn't mean dedicating blade dances all day and night.
After all, it's a grand festival that gathered nobles of many kingdoms. Participants would be invited to the sponsoring nation's reception hall, and a dance party would be held throughout the dance, and countless numbers of fireworks would be launched at night. Near the grounds of Astral Zero, a famous town furnished with entertainment facilities was made.
Rather than calling it a solemn ritual, it was closer to call it a large-scale revelry that spanned over several days.
By the way, three years ago— Kamito, who was in female clothing, was invited to a dance, and nobles came proposing to him one after another. ...Even as he recalled that now, it gave him goose bumps.
"Ah, Kamito-san, have you seen the Blade Dance?"
"N-No, I just heard stories like that!"
Kamito shook his head in a fluster at Rinslet, who tilted her head.
"Fufu, there's no way Kamito-kun knows it, right?"
Being the only one among them who knew Kamito's true identity, Fianna giggled.
"O-Oi, Fianna!?"
Kamito raised his voice in a fluster.
He was probably not suspected by Claire, and when he turned around.
"Hn?"
Claire was—
Standing still at the roadside, and staring motionlessly at a display window of a shop.
It seemed to be a store that was selling jewels and accessories.
"...What's the matter, Claire?"
"I-It's nothing!"
When Kamito approached, Claire jumped up.
"?"
Feeling suspicious, Kamito peered into the display window—
A small cat shaped pendant was placed on the shelf.
(...Hmm, as I thought, she's also a girl.)
He ended up thinking that the face profile of Claire, whose face had turned bright red, was unusually cute.
"Do you want this?"
"I-I said it's nothing, right! I'm completely not interested in this sort of things!"
"I see. I thought it especially suits you."
"... A-Ar-Aren't you being an idiot! Le-Let's get going, I'm hungry!"
Claire turned bright red like a lobster, and started briskly walking off.
"...What, she isn't being honest as usual."
Kamito shrugged his shoulders in disappointment.
"The day of the Valentia Holy Festival is also that girl's birthday."
"Eh?"
Rinslet, who was behind him before he noticed, calmly informed him.
"Tomorrow's her birthday?"
"Yes, although, she is brushing it off like it is nothing."
(...Ahh, I see.)
Kamito gazed at Claire's back, who was briskly walking off.
Four years ago, because the Calamity Queen — Rubia Elstein, had rebelled against the fire Elemental Lord, the married couple of the Elstein duke family had their noble status divested.
Since the day that incident occurred, Claire's life had completely changed.
He was sure that she currently did not have the leeway or something to look forward to her birthday.
"..."
Kamito returned his sights to the store's display window.
There was the cat pendant with a ruby-like spirit crystal inlaid in its pupils.
It seemed to be something pretty expensive.
Kamito sighed, and gently moved away from the display window.
"Rinslet, thank you for telling me. You're a good person."
"Wh-What are you saying, I do not understand what you mean!"
Rinslet's face turned bright red, and she turned her face away.
(...Twenty gold coins, huh? Well, what do I do?)
The diner, called Japanese Bluefish Pavilion and recommended by Carol, was a very stylish building of red bricks.
He sat on an inner table that sits six people and promptly opened the menu.
There was a soup that completely used one chicken, a meat dish full of spices, a fried bean curd bread covered in honey, and a freshwater fish pie. The dishes drawn in the menu were all full of things that stimulated his appetite.
However, what he was a little troubled by was— the reaction of the waitress girls.
They were pointing at Kamito and whispering.
"Hey, by any chance, isn't he the male elementalist in the rumors?" "You mean the one that defeated the rampaging militarized spirit in that town?" "He's making five girls wait upon him. It's as if he has a king's pretension." "Even such a small girl, his poison fangs..." "A licentious beast... No, perhaps I should call him the licentious king." "The licentious king..."
...What was licentious king? He wished that they stopped making so many new terms.
"A commoner's restaurant is also not bad once in a while."
"This is the first time I came to a place like this. Is there some sort of special etiquette?"
Rinslet and Fianna were looking around the store's interior, un-composed.
Claire and Est had been looking together at the dessert menu.
"I'm lost. The European pear tart also looks delicious, also the peach mousse."
"Kamito, is it alright if I request for all these?"
"No, all is definitely not possible, you know?"
Kamito waved his hand in a fluster—
"Kamito promised. I could request anything I like today."
"Gu..."
"You promised."
Est's innocent pupils were staring at Kamito.
She had that never-changing empty expression as usual... However, there was a somewhat strange impact.
Finally, Kamito ran out of patience, and hung his head down.
"...I got it. I promised after all."
"Kamito, I'm happy to be contracted to Kamito."
Est tightly embraced Kamito's arm.
"Haha, Est, you're exaggerating."
Kamito, who made a bitter smile, was—
"..."
Being glared at by Claire and the others.
After Kamito consolidated the order, the dishes were carried out immediately. The dishes, which were fully lined up on the table, were all delicious, and the three ojou-sama, who had refined palates, also seemed completely satisfied.
"Claire, don't casually move the mushroom onto my plate."
"What, despite that I went through the trouble to give it."
"You're no good with mushrooms, right? I have pretty much gotten used to your likes and dislikes."
"...Um, why do you know that I'm no good with mushrooms?"
"I've generally grasped your taste."
"Eh? Th-That's..."
Claire's face turned red.
"Kamito-san, here's my fish."
"Kamito-kun, I'll also give you my shellfish."
"You all..."
Having had ingredients thrown in without reservation from these fussy ojou-samas, Kamito's pasta had somewhat become something that he didn't really know.
It was dessert after the meal. There were the multifarious parfait, the tart placed with a plentiful amount of seasonal fruits, the fluffy freshly-baked sponge cake, the mousse entwined with a bittersweet sauce and so on. They were lined up on the table, almost like a jewel box.
"It's very cute!" "How pretty." "...Wh-What should I have?"
Gazing at the desserts lined up before them, the three of them placed their hands on their cheeks, seemingly in bliss.
Even noble ojou-samas seemed to turn into normal girls in front of sweet desserts.
"You girls, are you really going to eat all of these?"
"Of course. When girls eat sweet things, their stomachs are connected to Astral Zero."
Claire said something he didn't really understand with a tense expression.
Yup! Yup! Fianna and Rinslet nodded.
"Fianna, I'll take a mouthful of cake."
"It can't be helped, I'll exchange it with your pudding."
"Claire, I will give you my peach. Be grateful."
"Eh? Is that fine, Rinslet?"
"Yes, I'm no good with peaches... I'll exchange it for your slave."
"...Um, that's a tough choice."
"Don't arbitrarily trade a person... Eh, I'm equal to a peach?"
"Claire, that's my cherry."
"Carol, look, it's your favorite European pear."
"Ah, well then, I'll return Milady's beloved peach back."
"Eh, Rinslet, you—"
"Carol, wh-wha-what are you saying?!"
Rinslet hit Carol.
(Nevertheless...)
As he glanced towards Claire beside him— Kamito muttered within his heart.
He felt like Claire had changed a little.
The time he just met her, how should he put it, she had a more brooding impression, and she had that atmosphere, like a wild cat not letting anyone near her.
...Something probably changed within her with the assembling of the team and comrades.
"...? Kamito, what are you looking at?"
"Hn? You have cream on your cheek. Come on, I'll get it off."
"Id-Idiot, I'll get it off myself!"
Claire's face turned bright red, and she turned away, at that moment.
"Thank you for waiting. Here's this store's famous dish, Special Big Parfait♪"
"Eh?"
Together with the cheerful voice—
The waitress with her glamorous tall figure came to Kamito's table.
She was a bewitchingly beautiful girl, and her wavy jade green hair was grown long.
When he looked carefully, the tips of her ears were sharply pointed.
(...The Elfim race?)
They were subhumans that were reported to have crossed over from Astral Zero during the distant mythic age.
It seemed that the pure Elfim race did not exist anymore now, but— their physical trait of having long ears was famous. They were often seen in the urban areas of the empire, there are also Elfim race students in the academy, but one working as a waitress in a diner was rare.
What she had carried over was— a gigantic chocolate parfait.
That was enshrined right in the middle of the table and had a size almost like a nightmare.
"...Eh, who ordered this?!"
"It wasn't me."
Claire shook her head. Fianna and Rinslet also shook theirs.
"..."
The line of sight from everyone naturally gathered on one girl.
"...Est?"
"Kamito promised that I could request for anything."
"Err, that's..."
"You promised."
Est gazed at Kamito with her innocent pupils.
"By the way, if you leave stuff behind, there'll be a fine♪"
The beautiful waitress pleasantly smiled.
"Wh-What do we do?"
"It appears that there's no choice but for everyone to cooperate and eat it."
"...It can't be helped."
Kamito sighed in disappointment—
(...Hn?)
Suddenly, he discovered the figure of a girl he recognized on the other side of the window.
She had a stunning blue haired pony-tail, and was in her Knights armor.
She was Ellis, who he just bid farewell to at the academy a while ago.
"What's the matter, Kamito?"
"I just saw Ellis pass by over there. Does she have a Knights quest?"
"Ellis? Hmm..."
Claire glared at Kamito, seemingly displeased.
"...You're really concerned about Ellis."
"Hn, what do you mean... Mogu, mogugugu!?"
Suddenly, a spoon full of parfait was pushed into Kamito's mouth.
"Wh-What, despite being Kamito, to begin with, Ellis is of a rival team!"
"Mogu, mogugugugu..."
"Besides, you're a slave spirit only for me!"
As she forcefully stuffed the spoon into Kamito's mouth, Claire flared up.
(How unreasonable...)
(...Fufu, what interesting-looking girls♪)
The tall beautiful girl, who returned to the kitchen, stuck out her tongue and licked her wet red lips.
She was the one, who carried over the gigantic parfait to Kamito's table, the Elfim race waitress.
From the kitchen, she viewed a hole as if she was evaluating or something—
Finally, she made a short sigh.
(Well, should I stop here today? Though they're the long-awaited prey.)
The risk of those girls as someone to trade with was a little high.
Those, who reached out for her goods— were always princess maidens who lost their confidence and were obsessed with strong delusions and a sense of duty.
(...Although, that red haired girl seemed to be of a little hope.)
Vivian Melosa— She was a trader of MurdersCorpse Federations, who specially handled Cursed Armament Seals.
She once taught in the Imperial Capital's Academy, and was the leading person in Cursed Armament Seal research. However, due to the reason that the research of Cursed Armament Seals was prohibited after the Ranbal war, the academy was banished. After that, she moved around from organization to organization, doing nothing but research on Cursed Armament Seals.
The academy, which assembled superior princess maidens from all around the country, was a suitable experiment site to her.
So far, she had infiltrated the academy several times, and performed the implantation of Cursed Armament Seals into girls desiring power.
(...Although, there was only one that succeeded.)
Brushing her wavy jade green hair, she giggled.
"—Well, shall I patiently search? For my favorite kitten-chan?"

By the time all of them finished conquering the gigantic parfait, it was already evening.
Kamito, who had returned from Academy Town, turned up at the central auditorium as he had promised Ellis.
Upon waiting a little while, Ellis came running from afar and was out of breath.
"...S-Sorry, I kept you waiting."
"No, I didn't wait that long."
Kamito made a bitter smile at Ellis, who was gasping out of breath.
"Hey, Ellis, you were at the Academy Town just now, weren't you?"
"Y-You saw me!?"
Ellis' ponytail sprung up.
"Ahh, I just happened to see you from the restaurant's window. Was it the Knights' security?"
"No, err... I-I was shopping for various things."
Ahem, Ellis coughed and her face reddened for some reason.
A question mark came to Kamito's mind but... well, that was fine.
"For the time being, if we're going to study, are we going to the library or something?"
"Ah, no... not the library."
Ellis shook her head in a fluster.
"Hn, not the library? Then, are we going to an empty classroom somewh—"
"...I-It's a room."
"Huh?"
Kamito reflexively did not believe his ears.
"A room..."
"I-I mean, err... I-I want you to teach me in my room!"
Ellis shouted with her face turning bright red.
"..."
"I-Is that a no?"
"No, hey wait, for a boy like me to enter a girl's room..."
"A-A girl..."
In an instant, Ellis made a face like she lost her head over something—
"Ho-However, aren't you staying with Claire Rouge and the others in a room together?"
"No, well... that was the way things turned out."
Kamito scratched the back of his head as he answered.
"O-Or, you don't want to come to the room of a straight-laced girl like me—"
"N-No, there's no such thing!"
Kamito shook his head in a fluster because Ellis looked a little hurt.
"W-Well then—"
"...Ahh, I got it. I got it. Allow me to enter."
Even as Kamito still did not comprehend anything, he nodded with a bit of desperation.

Just like that— Kamito was brought along to the Weasel Class' dormitory.
Being the exact opposite of the Raven Class that gathered superior problem children, Weasel Class was a class of diligent honor students.
Ellis' room was, up the stairs, on the second floor of the building.
Ellis coughed in front of the door.
"This is my room. O-Of course, this is the first time a boy is entering it."
"...If you say it like that, I'm getting somewhat tense."
Ellis opened the room's door and muttered an incantation in the spirit language.
In that moment, the ceiling's spirit crystal glowed and the inside of the dim room was brightly illuminated.
The interior design was not so different from Claire's room. However, Ellis' room had been neatly arranged.
"You have tidied up nicely. That's just like the capable Ellis."
"Ahh, that's because if I don't tidy up, my overly-serious roommate will get angry."
"A roommate more overly-serious than Ellis?..."
It was discourteous to Ellis, but he couldn't imagine it a bit.
"Where is this roommate now?"
"She is away for a few weeks because of a quest from the Academy. If that person was now at this place— you probably wouldn't be able to leave here alive."
While saying something dangerous, Ellis laid out a cushion on the floor for him.
"Make yourself at home. I'll prepare the tea and snacks now."
"Ahh, sorry."
Ellis immediately boiled hot water, and took out hot black tea and snacks.
Despite being an ojou-sama of a great noble family, she was very capable in such areas. Since the Fahrengart family was of a military parentage, she might have received strict training from when she was young.
"This is delicious. Ellis, did you make it?"
"Y-You can say that. It's somewhat my hobby."
Ellis was acting bashfully, like she was a bit embarrassed.
It was a sponge cake sprinkled with black tea powder on the surface. It had a simple taste since its sweetness was mild.
He had known that cooking was her strong point, but it was surprising that she could make such a delicate thing.
"Relax for a while. I'll go make preparations now."
"Hn, what preparations?"
When Kamito inquired— Ellis drew out her sword at her waist.
With a weird voice filled with intensity,
"It's preparations."
"I-I got it..."
With the sword kept thrust out at the back of his neck, Kamito nodded.
When Ellis disappeared into the next room and Kamito became alone, he sighed a little.
(...What on earth was that?)
As he sipped the black tea that Ellis made, he looked around the interior of the room.
There were neatly folded uniforms and pajamas on top of the bed.
There were lovely teddy-bear and rabbit plushies lined up beside them.
(Surprisingly, she has girlish preferences...)
While thinking about such things, he moved his line of sight, then—
Incidentally, his eyes stopped on top of the writing desk.
A spirit crystal objet d'art, which emitted a faint glow, had been placed near the desk.
(That's—)
Kamito got close, and took it into his hand.
Inside the transparent spirit crystal, various phantoms surfaced and disappeared—
"A spirit crystal that seals memories, huh?..."
It was an article that could confine the scene in one's memory by putting divine power into it.
The appearance of the same girl had been repeatedly surfacing many times within the spirit crystal.
Her glamorous hair was fluttering and she was holding a jet-black demon sword— the appearance of a very young girl.
"...Eh, isn't that me from three years ago?!"
Kamito reflexively shouted.
Yes, the one who was being reflected in there was without a doubt—
The appearance of the strongest Blade Dancer Ren Ashbell.
(That reminds me, she had said that she admired Ren Ashbell...)
As he made a heavy sigh, he put back the memory-sealing spirit ore onto the desk.
If Kamito did not make sure that at least his true identity was absolutely not exposed to her—
He would end up destroying a pure girl's dream, which he couldn't bring himself to do.
(...Hn?)
Suddenly, Kamito noticed that the appearance of a girl other than Ren Ashbell was being projected inside the spirit crystal.
She had radiant shiny blonde hair. She was a beautiful girl, who had an ice-like cold look.
The one who was standing bashfully beside the girl was probably Ellis when she was young—
(I have a recollection of this girl somewhere...)
Kamito had his doubts— at that moment.
"...I-I kept you waiting."
He heard Ellis' voice that seemed like it'll vanish anytime from behind.
"Ellis?"
Kamito turned around—
"..."
His mouth dropped opened.
There was a maid.
"...?"
After Kamito rubbed his eyes, he opened his eyes once more.
...Yes, there was certainly a maid.
She had a tidy dark blue maid uniform matched with a white apron, and a lovely long skirt with frills.
And then, she had a headdress, which was slightly placed on her head.
It was Ellis in complete maid attire.
"Y-You, what on earth..."
Kamito gulped down his saliva, and—
"I-I'm now your exclusive-use maid from now. ...I-Is that alright?"
Ellis, whose face turned bright red, held the hem of her long skirt and bowed.
Beneath her turned-over skirt, he slightly got a quick look at a black garter belt.
"Wh—"
Kamito was startled and covered his eyes with both hands in a fluster.
"D-Don't look so much... It's embarrassing."
Ellis' face increasingly reddened, and she rubbed her knees together bashfully.
As she wasn't wearing her armor, her quivering large breasts were being highlighted more than usual.
Kamito was at a lost for words—
Ellis whispered with a seemingly uneasy expression.
"A-As I thought, these kind of clothes... don't suit me?"
"No...err, that's not it."
Kamito said as he averted his eyes.
...Or rather, she was cute. Staggeringly cute.
No, even the usual Ellis was certainly cute but—
He didn't think that Ellis putting on a maid uniform would be so charming.
However, beyond that, Kamito was more bewildered.
"...W-Why a maid uniform?"
"Th-This is an act of sincerity from me..."
"Sincerity?"
Kamito asked in return to Ellis, who had muttered seemingly embarrassed.
The maid uniform was an act of sincerity... He didn't understand the meaning.
Ellis folded her arms and glared directly at Kamito with her reddish brown pupils.
"I-It's about the quest the other day. As the representative of the Syphid Knights, I had been thinking that I had to thank you for helping that time. ...Th-This is only as the representative of the Syphid Knights!"
"No, I had said that I don't need things like thanks. It's natural to help my comrades."
Kamito said that—
"In that case, I won't be able to settle down. Wh-What should I do to be able to offer my thanks... I had been troubled this entire week."
"...Why is it that the outcome is a maid uniform?"
"Umm, upon consulting my team-mates Rakka and Reishia, they told me that it's best that I put on this attire to show my sincerity to you. After all, you're a maniac, who would be excited by such an appearance. I-In the beginning, I also had a problem with it, but devoting my whole body and soul to offer my thanks to the person I'm indebted to is the household precept of my Fahrengart family."
"Why those two, teaching you worthless things..."
Kamito's face twitched. ...In short, Ellis had been tricked by those two.
"Ellis, don't misunderstand. I'm not a maniac who's attracted to maid uniforms."
Kamito tried to resolve the strange misunderstanding, but—
"...Wh-What? That means—"
It seemed like Ellis interpreted that in a different meaning.
"...To do it, do you mean that?"
"Huh?"
"Y-You mean for me to put on an even sexier attire, right?!"
"What are you saying!"
"Kuu, you damn licentious king...!"
"The usage-rights for licentious king is already acquired by the townspeople!?"
"I'll absolutely not give in to such an insolent request!"
Ellis drew out her sword from her waist and quickly thrust it before the back of Kamito's neck.
It seemed like she didn't lose her skills as a knight even though she became a maid. ...That was obvious.
"I-I got it, it really suits you, maid uniforms are the best, maid uniforms hurray!"
"...Hmm, That's enough."
As Ellis thrust the tip of her sword before the back of Kamito's neck—
"Come on, Kamito, you can instruct me to do anything you want!"
"You're a pretty proud maid... Well then, Ellis, what can you do?"
"My specialty is thrusting a spear."
"What kind of maid are you...?"
"I can also use a sword, but my expertise is using a spear."
Ellis proudly puffed her chest out.
"Don't you have anything other than dangerous skills?"
"Cooking is in its own way a specialty."
"Ahh, I see. Well, can I make a request?"
"Of course. What would you like?"
"Let's see... I also have dinner later, so I would like something light and hold-able."
"I got it. Honestly, I was thinking of what to do if you said body sushi[4] but—"
"...Why you."
Kamito groaned with a deadpan look—
Suddenly, he tried asking a thought that came to his mind.
"By the way, does this mean you'll do it if I request it?"
"Y-You insolent person!"
At that moment, the hidden sword, which Ellis let loose, pruned off Kamito's forelocks.

"...H-How's the taste? Master."
Just like that—
It ended up with Ellis preparing food for Kamito.
As expected of having been trained for the sake of the gentleman she will be married to in the future, from the cooking to the arrangement of food, her skills were very good. ...She was the kind of person whose example he wanted a certain hellcat ojou-sama to follow.
Nevertheless—
"...I beg you. Spare me that way of calling me."
Kamito groaned with a deadpan look.
"Um, even so, those two had said that this is the official way of calling you."
"No, because you have been fooled, you know?"
Kamito grumbled as he chewed on a cheese cutlet of one mouth-size.
It had a crunchy batter that used the first-class wheat flour. The highest grade cheese, which was placed between the meat, was delicious as it melted on top of his tongue.
"...Delicious. Normally delicious."
"Mm, it's normal?..."
Ellis pouted her lips, seemingly frustrated.
"I'm praising you. It's difficult to make normal things normally delicious."
"I-Is that so...!"
Ellis blushed with her chest tightening.
"Ellis would become a good bride."
"...! Wh-What are you saying!"
*Bishuu!*
She thrust out a fork stuck with a cheese cutlet before Kamito.
"Wh-What are you doing all of a sudden!"
"Hmm, it's because you said something strange!"
Ellis sternly glared at Kamito.
And then—
"...O-Open your mouth."
"Huh?"
Kamito asked back—
*Bishuu, bishuu!*
The godspeed thrusting was unleashed once again.
"Owa!?"
"Don't avoid it! I'm trying to feed you—"
"Trying to feed me... What's with that!?"
"I heard that that's the duty of a maid. Come on, quickly... say 'Ahh'!"
Ellis thrust out the godspeed fork before him.
She had said that thrusting was her specialty, as expected, even for Kamito, it took all his might to dodge.
...Eh, what kind of training was this?!
"It's dangerous, you almost poked my eyes!"
"Hmm, it's because you're escaping. Don't escape!"
—*Hamuu*.
Finally, the fork was pushed into his mouth.
*Mogumogumogu*.
"H-How is it?"
"...Delicious."
Kamito said his honest thoughts—
"Al-Alright, one more mouthful..."
This time she gently moved the fork into his mouth.
*Hamuu*.
"Ho-How is it this time?"
"...Ahh, delicious."
Upon nodding once again, Ellis lightly giggled, seemingly delighted.
(...Hmm. This is, as expected, a little embarrassing.)
By the time that he finished eating Ellis' cooking, it had already turned completely dark outside.
It was about time he had to make dinner for Claire and the others, who were waiting at the dormitory.
When he informed Ellis about that matter...she made a slightly disappointed face.
After helping Ellis tidy up the tableware, he and Ellis, who changed into her uniform, went outside the dormitory.
The moment Ellis took off her maid uniform, she suddenly seemed to be embarrassed by her recent actions, so as she walked on the path shone by the moonlight, she hung her head down the whole time.
...Naturally, just like her, Kamito was also embarrassed.
"I apologize for overstaying. Your cooking was delicious."
"Yes, I'm glad that I could properly express my gratitude to you. Because today is probably the last chance I can invite you to my room."
"What do you mean?"
"It's about the roommate I talked about just now. She'll be finishing her quest and returning very soon."
"Is your roommate that scary?"
Upon saying that, Ellis' expression slightly darkened.
"Velsaria Eva Fahrengart— She's my older stepsister, by two-years. She's also the former captain of the Sylphid Knights."
"Velsaria..."
Kamito was startled. That name was, if he wasn't mistaken, what Claire was talking—
"The academy's strongest elementalist... is actually your sister, Ellis!?"
"Yes, it's not like we're blood related. She was once also expected to become a future NumbersTwelve Knight Commander candidate, but— after she was defeated by that Ren Ashbell in the first match at the Blade Dance three years ago, that story had also disappeared."
"...!?"
"What's the matter? Do you know about my sister?"
"...N-No, it's nothing."
Kamito shook his head in a fluster.
(...I see, no wonder I had recalled hearing that name before.)
—He remembered. She was the opponent of the first match of the Blade Dance three years ago.
She was a girl with a beautiful face of ice and beautiful blonde hair.
"...My sister is like the person who embodied the image of the knight that I try to idealize."
Ellis exhaled a white breath as she muttered.
"However, now that person—"
Muttering like in a monologue— Ellis stopped her steps there.
They had arrived before the gate of the Raven Class dormitory.
Kamito looked up, and the window of Claire's room had light.
"Ellis, thank you for today. Well then, see you tomorrow."
"Ah-Ahh, wait—"
Kamito waved his hand and walked off towards the dormitory.
At that moment, when he walked for a little while on the path leading to the building of the dormitory.
"...Ka-Kamito!"
Ellis called Kamito to a halt from behind.
It wasn't her usual frigid voice. It was the voice like an urgent scream.
"...Ellis?"
Kamito turned around—
"Ah..."
Ellis widened her eyes and was surprised.
Why did she show that expression— even she didn't understand why she called out to him.
"What's the matter?"
"No, err..."
"Um?"
Kamito became concerned and approached—
"...!"
Ellis —as though she had made a resolution of something important— took in a deep breath.
"Th-The truth is I have a favor to ask you, but..."
"A favor?"
Kamito frowned and asked back.
What came to his mind was— the incident before he received the quest on the Mine Town two weeks ago.
Ellis was trying to scout Kamito into her team.
Kamito, who had already assembled a team with Claire, plainly rejected her, but now that her two comrades became unable to participate in the opposition battles, she might try to scout him once again.
While Kamito scratched his head as he was troubled, he shook his head.
"Ellis, sorry, but I can't join your..."
"Th-That's not it!"
Ellis' face reddened as she shouted. ..It seemed that he had jumped to a wrong conclusion.
"Then..."
"Kamito, err... do you feel like joining the Sylphid Knights?"
"The Knights?"
Kamito spontaneously asked back at those unexpected words.
The Sylphid Knights— An elite student organization that guarded the public order and morals of the academy.
(For me to join it... What on earth does this mean?)
Ellis gazed at Kamito awkwardly.
"Err...it's just until my comrades come back, I would want you to assist the Knights."
Kamito recalled the things he talked with Ellis during this morning's supplementary lecture.
As a result of the attack incident the other day, including Ellis' two teammates, seven knights were forced to withdraw from the Sylphid Knights. The Sylphid Knights, which had lost a third of its members, was now in a state that it was not functioning normally.
Indeed, as an acquaintance and besides as someone whose ability as an elementalist she also understood, Kamito could understand the reason she wanted to scout him.
"Of course, I won't say it's for free. As a member of the Knights, you'll be paid a proper salary."
"...Why me? If you set up recruitment, won't there be girls applying?"
"We are having a recruitment, but there are practically no applicants. We had gathered people during the period the freshmen came in, but— even so, more than half had resigned immediately."
"Is that so..."
It seemed that the work of the Sylphid Knights was something greater than they had imagined. On top of the dangers, and on top of the so-called work of guarding the academy's public morals, there might also be cases where they were being looked at with hostility from the other academy students.
"Furthermore, due to the attack incident the other day, the trust in the Knights has been greatly falling. Although we got all the casualties out, in the end, we couldn't capture the assailant."
Ellis bit her lips seemingly vexed.
"I applied for the quest of arresting Jio Inzagi with the plan of overturning such assessment towards the Knights but— the result was that sorry plight. If you all didn't help at that time, we would have certainly been annihilated."
Her reddish brown pupils became wet and were slightly quivering.
Without a doubt, Ellis was enduring the voices of criticism aimed at the Knights all this time.
Surely, she was enduring it just by herself without anyone she could ask for advice.
As that was the duty of the captain, and she was condemning herself.
(...I see. She's insecure. She surely can't help but be frightened as she's insecure.)
It was the responsibility and heavy pressure that came with the position as the captain.
There should be voices of doubts being raised at her, an elementary student, serving as the captain.
She conducted herself strictly for the sake of guarding the order of the academy and might have even made enemies.
She had also been holding back those voices by displaying her ability so far.
However, that trust was swaying now.
Besides, her teammates and comrades who had always kept supporting her.
Rakka and Reishia were also not present now.
(...She is also a girl, who's yet to be sixteen.)
Being covered by her knights shoulder plate was the girl's slender shoulders.
How much of a heavy pressure was she carrying on those shoulders of hers—
"...The truth is I'm afraid."
Ellis looked downwards as she said that.
"Have I been able to do the right thing as a knight? Am I misusing the authority of the Knights and merely repressing the ones whom I should protect, with power?"
Her blue ponytail hair was swaying in the gentle breeze.
It was almost like it was revealing Ellis' heart.
"I want help" —She didn't say that.
That was surely her last strand of pride.
Kamito—
"...I got it. It'll just be until those two come back, right?"
"I-Is that alright? ...Really?"
Ellis opened her reddish brown eyes.
"Ahh."
Kamito firmly nodded once again.
Honestly, he didn't think that he'd be cut out for things like the Knights that guarded the public morals. Besides, if he considered about the Blade Dance coming in a few weeks, he shouldn't have the room to be using his time for such things.
However, upon seeing Ellis reduced to a state where she was going to be crushed at any time—
He wanted to assist this sincere but clumsy girl knight even a little.
"...Y-You have my thanks. Kazehaya Kamito."
Ellis bowed down with an expression like she's going to cry at any moment.
Kamito made a bitter smile at Ellis, who was conscientious even at such a time.
"Ahh, that's right. I have a favor to ask of you."
"What is it?"
"Err, about the remuneration you mention just now, is it possible for something like an advance?"
Parting with Ellis, Kamito returned to the room—
Claire was wearing a cute apron and was standing in the kitchen just like in the morning.
There was a sweet yet slightly burned smell. He heard the sound of something simmering.
Quietly concealing his footsteps, Kamito approached Claire's back.
"Hn, are you making chocolate again?"
"Fuaa, Ka-Kamito!?"
*Pyon*, her red twin-tailed hair sprung up.
"Id-Idiot, don't startle me! I'll turn you into cinders!"
Claire's face turned bright red, and *pishi* *pishi* she swung her whip. Kamito avoided it in a fluster.
"...Good grief, where did you go? Your supplementary lecture should have been long over, right?"
"What? Are you already hungry?"
"Th-That's not the problem, you are my slave spirit, so without your master's permission, you can't totter around as you please!"
"...Am I a dog?"
Kamito breathed a sigh of disappointment.
"I went over to Ellis' place, and it resulted in me being treated to a little meal."
*Pishi*— Claire was petrified.
"...What...was that?"
"Ahh, it seems to be an expression of gratitude for helping her the other day. What a conscientious person."
As expected, he hid the matter about the maid uniform for the sake of Ellis' honor—
"I-I see, you were treated...really?"
Claire's face twitched.
"I also helped and yet... she only invited Kamito."
"Didn't you receive a box of cakes from the Knights? An assorted box of macaroons. If I'm not mistaken, you ate all of it by yourself."
"Th-That was certainly delicious... Eh, that's not the problem, what do you mean by you went over to Ellis' place? D-Don't tell me, you went up to her room?"
"Yeah, Ellis' room is properly tidied up. You should also follow her example—"
"I-I can't believe you...!"
Claire's slender shoulders trembled.
She tightly bit her cherry-blossom color lips, tears were slightly appearing on her ruby pupils.
"...Claire?"
"Y-You've been successfully seduced by things like Ellis' breasts and were degraded to being the Knights' dog, right?"
"No, what breasts....? Well, although, I was invited to join the Knights."
"—Huh?"
This time— Claire completely became stiff.
"Wh-What's that...? What do you mean?"
"Hn, currently, the Knights seem to be shorthanded of people. I was asked to assist them."
"O-Of course, you rejected her, right? You rejected her...right?"
Claire tightly grabbed Kamito's arm, and was gazing at him with a serious expression.
As Kamito scratched his head—
"No, I decided to assist them. I also have various obligations to Ellis."
"...!?"
While Claire kept hold of Kamito's arm, she was taken aback and widened her eyes.
The truth was that he had another reason to accept it but—
It was embarrassing to tell Claire that now.
"I apologize for deciding without your permission, but it's not particularly a problem, right?"
"There's no way it isn't, you know that I'm on bad terms with the Knights, right!"
"That's because you cause problems—"
Then, Kamito noticed.
Claire's fingertips that were grabbing his arm were trembling bit by bit.
"...I see, you're on Ellis' side again."
Claire calmly muttered.
"No, it's not whether I'm on her side or not—"
"...You said so, and yet."
"Eh?"
"Despite that you said— 'I'll be your contracted spirit'."
Claire raised her face, and drops of tears overflowed from her pupils.
"Y-You..."
"That's enough, get out—"
*Don*— Claire thrust Kamito away.
"Hey, Claire..."
"Quickly get out! I-I hate people like you, I really hate you!"
A red hot fireball was released from Claire's palm.
"Owa!"
A showy explosion resounded, and a gaping wide hole was opened in the wall behind Kamito.
"He-Hey, wait, why are you that angry?"
"Shut up, idiot, get out——!"
This time she began reciting a spirit magic of the strongest class, so Kamito got out in a fluster.
If Claire made a serious effort, she'd be quite capable of blowing this very dormitory away.
After running to the outside of the dormitory and taking refuge, Kamito sighed.
"Wh-What on earth was that..."
Why was Claire that angry?...It was incomprehensible.
(...Is she that displeased with me joining the Knights?)
He looked up at the window of the room on the second floor, but— he didn't see Claire there.
Before long, the window's curtains were closed.
(...Ahh, if she's become like this, she won't listen.)
Claire Rouge. She was a girl almost like a blazing flame.
(Well, however, that's the part that suits her best...)
Kamito took a deep sigh once again—
He left behind the Raven Class dormitory with heavy footsteps.
After chasing Kamito out—
"I hate that guy, I hate that guy... I hate him so much!"
Claire fell onto the bed.
Pressing her soft pillow onto her cheeks, she tightly grabbed her sheets.
Scarlet turned up seemingly worried, but Claire drove her away without a word. She didn't want even her contracted spirit, who had been with her all this time from when she was young, to see her crying face now.
"What... I look like a fool."
For several days, she had been practicing how to make chocolate all this time.
(I-It's of course out of obligation. The chocolate that I'll give him out of obligation.)
The practicing had effect, as she had been gradually been able to make them well.
Although she had stopped making a large amount of cinders, it should be good enough for her to be praised.
On the actual day, tomorrow morning, she planned to give Kamito the chocolate that she made the most well-done.
"You did well." ...She wanted to be praised.
(And yet, he...)
Claire groaned, and struck her pillow. *Posu posu*.
(...The meal that Ellis made is certainly better than things like my chocolate.)
It was vexing. Her mind was jumbled up, and although she didn't understand what was vexing, it was vexing.
"...I'm such a detestable person."
She understood. She definitely had no ill feelings towards Kamito. Really, there was no doubt that he merely thought of being helpful to Ellis and decided to join the Knights.
He was that kind of person.
Even Claire did not particularly hate Ellis. Of course, they weren't on good terms, but she recognized that she was a proud elementalist.
However, it made her very angry for some reason.
(...Why?)
She understood the reason.
She had been thinking that she was the more special being to Kamito.
(After all, he had said that he would be my contracted spirit.)
Pressing softly on her lips with her fingertip, her cheeks quickly became hot.
(Besides, w-we even... kissed.)
It became a painful feeling like her chest was tightly constricted.
(...But, that's wrong.)
It did not mean that only Claire was particularly special.
As long as there were girls being troubled, he would extend his hand to anyone, no matter who.
(It's because I'm that Calamity Queen's sister—)
He might just think that her circumstances were pitiful, and was just sympathizing with her.
Upon thinking that, Claire became excessively lonely.
Kamito surely didn't understand why Claire was that angry.
Claire also didn't clearly understand why she got such feelings.
Her current feelings were almost like the smoldering fire of a hearth.
...These weren't Claire Rouge's flames.
At that time, there was the sound of the room's door opening.
"Kamito!?"
Claire energetically lifted her face from her pillow, but—
The one, who was there, was Fianna with a puzzled expression.
It seemed like she had returned from her shopping duty for dinner.
Claire covered her face with her pillow in a fluster. She didn't want her to see her tear-stained face.
Fianna took a look at Claire's current state— and seemed to have guessed the situation somehow.
"Ehh, you quarreled with Kamito?"
"...Go away."
Keeping her face covered in the pillow, Claire said.
Fianna sighed, sat on the bed and placed her hand on Claire's head.
"I said leave me alone, didn't I"
"You're really a kid. Vastly different from Rubia-sama."
"Either way, I'm different from nee-sama."
Claire retorted peevishly.
"Hey, Claire, why don't you be a little more honest?"
"I-I apologize that I'm not honest... After all, even my breasts are small."
"Huh? Nobody said anything about breast, you know?"
As Fianna softly brushed Claire's head like a kitten, she sighed.
"What do we do about dinner?"
At that very moment— Ellis was rolling on her bed in agony.
"..., I-I was wearing such an embarrassing attire."
She spread the maid uniform she wore just now, and bashfully blushed. Even if it was for the sake of rewarding him for her debt of gratitude, this was, as expected, overkill, wasn't it?
"B-But..."
Ellis tightly grasped the maid uniform—
"Kamito said that it suited me... "
Recalling it, her cheeks reflexively relaxed.
Ellis opened her eyes as she was taken aback, and slapped her cheeks with both hands.
"I-I'm the Captain! If I'm not firm, I can't be an example to everyone!"
A knight of the Fahrengart family must never show her weaknesses.
Ellis Fahrengart had always done so.
However—
(I've shown it to him...)
She had never even shown that side of hers, which was frightened by insecurity, in front of the comrades she trusted.
Truthfully, she had no intention of inviting Kamito to the Knights— until that moment.
However, when she saw his back as he was about to leave, she subconsciously called out to him.
(...I wonder why? I also don't understand it well myself.)
In the beginning, she had been thinking that things like male elementalists were an enemy, who would disrupt the public morals of the academy.
Since when did she, so strangely, start caring about him?
When she thought about Kazehaya Kamito, her chest constricted and hurt for some reason.
Such a feeling was a first for Ellis, who was raised up as a knight.
Incidentally, she glanced at the top of the table.
A nicely wrapped-up chocolate was lying there.
Tomorrow was the «Valentia Holy Festival».
The day to give chocolate to the opposite sex that held a place in one's mind—
(...I-It's a gift for enrolling into the Knights. Naturally, there's no other meaning than that.)
Ellis groaned spontaneously.
If that was the case, she shouldn't be that tensed, but the throbbing in her chest wouldn't stop for some reason.
(...Wh-When would it be good to hand it over?)
After all, it was the first time she was doing such a thing, so she didn't know what she should do.
"...H-He wouldn't think that I'm a strange girl, right?"
"—What's strange, Ellis?"
Suddenly, a voice like frozen cold air was heard.
"...!?"
Before she knew it, the room's door was opened—
And, over there— she was standing.
She had shiny blonde hair and cool-headed ice-blue pupils.
"Ah, Aneue[5]...!"
"What kind of cowardly face are you making? And yet you call yourself a knight of the Fahrengart family?"
She was the academy's strongest elementalist— Velsaria Eva Fahrengart.

"...chan, please wake up."
He heard somebody's voice...
"...chan, onii-chan."
"Uh..."
Kamito rubbed his eyes as he slowly got up.
His back hurt. The muscles of his stiff joints were screaming.
"Hn..."
Feeling the hard sensation in his palms—
Kamito finally remembered.
Last night, he was driven out of the room by Claire, so he had reluctantly decided to sleep near the forest.
(...Eh, onii-chan?)
With his still-half-awakened consciousness, Kamito tilted his head.
Naturally, Kamito, who was an orphan, didn't have things like a sister.
After blinking his eyes several times, he suddenly shifted his focus to his side—
"Have you finally woken up, onii-chan?"
"E-Est!?"
A beautiful girl, fully nude save for knee-socks, was looking into Kamito's face expressionlessly.
She had a slim slender body. Morning dew wetted her milky skin and was shining.
"Wh-What's the matter?! Weren't you sleeping in Claire's room!?"
Kamito, whose face turned bright red, averted his eyes from the girl's gentle-sloping breasts in a fluster.
"In order for onii-chan to not freeze to death, I've been sleeping together with you and warming you up."
"...Th-That's a lie, right?"
"Did my thighs feel good, onii-chan?"
"...Guaa."
Kamito was greatly perplexed and groaned.
"By the way, since just now, what's with the 'onii-chan'?"
"Yes well, I tried using various ways of calling to wake you up, but you did not wake up at all, so Est tried calling you onii-chan. When I did that, Kamito immediately woke up."
"Is that true...?"
"Yes, onii-chan."
"Est, spare me the 'onii-chan'."
"Yes, onii-chan."
Est nodded expressionlessly.
"...Est. By any chance, are you angry?"
"..."
Est stared at Kamito with her mysterious violet pupils.
"I am Kamito's contracted spirit, you know."
"Eh?"
Est softly pressed her index finger onto Kamito's lips.
"Kamito, please promise me that you won't leave me behind as you please."
"..."
It seemed like she was angry about being left behind in Claire's room.
As for Kamito, he had just thought that it was pitiful to make her sleep outside with him, but—
"...Ahh, I got it. Sorry."
"It's a promise, Kamito."
Kamito entwined his pinky around Est's stretched out pinky and promised.
"—Well then, I have to go to Ellis' place."
The academy also had a day off today because of «Valentia Holy Festival» but there was a meeting being held.
Kamito had just decided to join the Knights, but it seemed like he had to work immediately from today.
"Let's go, Est."
"Okay, Kamito."
Est tightly grasped Kamito's hand, who had stood up.
The Sylphid Knights' morning was early.
Even if it was the day that the academy had a holiday, there was a Knights' general meeting early in the morning.
Kamito turned up at the headquarters of the Sylphid Knights in accordance with the time he heard from Ellis.
The headquarters of the Knights was a staggeringly splendid building remodeled from an old cathedral. Considering that there were about twenty members, it might be a little too spacious.
Kamito took a breath, and pushed open the heavy steel door.
"Wh—?"
Kamito left the door open and froze for a few seconds.
It was full of girls in their underwear inside the holy cathedral.
There were girls who had just begun removing their skirts and girls who had their hands at their bra hooks.
"...!"
Ellis, who had pulled her stockings up to her knees, was widely opening her reddish brown eyes.
Her adult-like black lingerie was clearly etched into his retina.
And then—
"Gyaaaaaaaaaaa!"
Kamito received dozens of blasts of spirit magic on his body, and was even blown out of the other side of the door.

"...I see that I had taken the Knights' harshness lightly."
Kamito, whose whole body got shredded and tattered, glared at Ellis with scornful eyes.
Incidentally, the one who released the most powerful spirit magic, was this very Ellis.
If he wasn't wearing his highly blade-proof and impact-proof academy uniform, he certainly would have turned into pieces by the wild flying blades of wind.
Ellis awkwardly averted her eyes—
"Sorry. I should have told you this first. We always change our clothes here."
"Why don't you use the changing room?"
"That's because there was no need to. So far, we haven't had a male student."
"That is so, but..."
"Well, that's that. It suits you rather well, doesn't it, Kamito."
Ellis coughed in order to dodge the question.
Kamito attached a badge, which was engraved with the portrait of the wind Elemental Lord.
Since the Knights' armors were for female use only, it had been decided that he would attach this badge instead.
The Knights' girls were lined up horizontally in front of Kamito and Est.
There were twenty members all together. There also seemed to be several upperclassmen among them.
Before starting the Knights general meeting, Ellis was going to introduce Kamito.
"He'll be attached to the Knights starting from today, he's Kazehaya Kamito from the Raven Class. As you can see, he's a male elementalist, but I want you to welcome him without being afraid."
"..."
The Knights' girls were—
Glaring at Kamito with eyes discerning a suspicious person.
...It was understandable. Due to the incident just now, the impression Kamito made was the worst.
"Is that the rumored demon king of the night?" "I can't believe it, he made such a small girl into his lover..."
"However, isn't he a little good-looking?" "Don't be deceived, despite his appearance, he's a terrible pervert." "Even just now, he was looking at us like he ran his tongue all over our underwear."
...Those were the whispering voices of the girls that he heard.
"Hey, Ellis...my heart seems to be broken from the first day."
"I-It's alright. I know that you are not such a boy. If you display the part where you work as a splendid Knight, things like dishonorable rumors would instantly vanish."
"...That would be great if that was the case."
Although Kamito appreciated Ellis cheering him, he let out a heavy sigh.

The Knights' general meeting started.
What was being told from Ellis' mouth was about the special quest for the Valentia Holy Festival.
"Today, the academy lectures are cancelled. Many academy students would end up flocking to the town because of the Valentia Holy Festival. In order to prevent dueling incidents from occurring in front of ordinary townspeople, all members, be cautious and take on the quest."
"Yes!"
The Knights girls all replied at once.
They were few in number, but they were superior elementalists. As expected, their morale was high.
However— there also seemed to be people harboring dissatisfaction about Ellis taking command among the upperclassmen.
Kamito didn't miss the fact that several people were plainly making seemingly dissatisfied faces.
(...I see, this is why Ellis also has it tough.)
It was the jealousy towards their junior, whose pedigree and ability was superior.
Sylphid Knights, which looked well-ordered, seemed to have various things going on internally.
However, Ellis ignored those upperclassmen and continued.
"Those Cursed Armament Seal merchants —MurdersCorpse Federation's people— seemed to have infiltrated into the Academy Town. They may be plotting to use this chance for some sort of contact with the academy students that are going out into the town. If you catch them in the act, please deal with it with your own judgment. Well then, dismiss—"
"—Hold on!"
Suddenly a sharp voice came from behind Kamito.
The steel door was forcefully and cleanly pushed open, and daylight shone in at once.
"...!?"
All of them were taken aback and turned around.
The one standing before the door was— a knight of a beautiful face with the appearance of an ice sculpture.
She had brilliant shiny blonde hair and cold piercing ice blue pupils. She was wearing a pure white overcoat on top of her uniform— it was a prestige overcoat that only the academy's top ranker was allowed to wear.
(The academy's strongest elementalist— Velsaria Eva.)
Something chilly ran through Kamito's spine. She, who he had faced at the arena at the Blade Dance three years ago, shouldn't have this much of a sense of intimidation.
Velsaria made a sound with her hard iron shoes and slowly walked over.
"Aneue, why are you here...!"
"It seems that the pawns have decreased considerably in numbers during the time I was absent."
"Aneue... did you say something just now?"
"I said the pawns have decreased. That's all."
"...!"
Ellis sternly lifted her eyebrows at Velsaria's spoken harsh remark.
"Are you calling the comrades of the Knights pawns?!"
"Pawns are pawns— Furthermore, they are useless sacrificial pawns. Without even being able to capture just one assailant, they were completely defeated on the contrary."
"It doesn't matter to me. However, I would like you to stop insulting the girls, who splendidly carried out their duties. Even if you are the former captain."
Velsaria looked down on Ellis, who protested, with her cold piercing eyes.
"I am a Fahrengart knight, I have never taken back words I have said."
"You...!"
"Or, you could try making me yield with brute force, Captain?"
Velsaria's thin fingers got hold of Ellis' chin.
"...!?"
Being overwhelmed by her stern gaze, Ellis spontaneously averted her eyes.
Velsaria shook her head like she was disappointed.
"Ellis, it was a mistake to entrust you with the Knights."
"—Wait."
Kamito grasped Velsaria's arm from the side.
He thought that he shouldn't meddle into the Knights' problems, but— getting Ellis involved was, as expected, something he couldn't stay silent about.
"When Jio Inzagi attacked the academy, Ellis rushed over there the fastest and fought. You don't have the right to condemn Ellis."
"Ka-Kamito..."
Ellis widened her eyes in shock.
"—Oh?"
Velsaria quickly released her hand from Ellis' chin.
"You're the male elementalist, who's said to have been admitted here with Lady Greyworth's recommendation, right?"
"Yes, so what of it?"
Kamito directly glared back at her cold piercing ice blue eyes.
"The one who captured that assailant was you, is that right?"
"It wasn't just me. The reason I won was because I fought together with the comrades of my team."
"Don't be modest. I can't understand why you're hiding your strength, but—"
Velsaria's sharp discernment shot through Kamito.
(...This person, don't tell me she knows my true identity?)
Cold sweat surfaced on Kamito's forehead.
...No, that couldn't be it. The time he met her was three years ago. Kamito's current looks should be very different from the time, when he was an innocent boy.
Velsaria—
"Your true strength is something I want to test out by all means."
"...What?"
Suddenly, one of her hands was raised overhead.
"...!?"
At that moment, a tremendous shock was radially released!
There was a thunderous sound as the whole cathedral shook.
The girls in the surroundings were blown away by the shock and thrown onto the wall.
There was a cloud of dust densely hanging over and marble tiles that were cruelly flipped up.
It was the spirit magic of the earth attribute— considering that its recital time was almost zero, it was of extraordinary power.
The ones that could avoid the shock— were only Ellis and several upperclassmen.
Kamito covered for Est and had taken the spirit magic flat on directly.
As he had reacted, he didn't collapse but his uniform was worn-out.
"You, what are you doing...?"
"Hmm, surprisingly, some remained."
Velsaria calmly moved her hand to her chin, and looked around in order to glare at the girls.
And then—
"You and you, and then... you two."
She nominated the four knights, who were standing without falling, one by one.
"Aneue, what on earth are you planning?!"
Enraged, Ellis drew closer to Velsaria.
"I'm making my selection. The people whom I nominated just now will be admitted into my team."
"Such a selfish thing—"
Her selection— was trying to headhunt the members of the Knights, which had few people even during normal circumstances.
Ellis could not stay silent.
"I don't intend to force them. It's all up to their own will to decide."
"Wh—?"
Ellis became taken aback and looked at the four nominated upperclassmen.
The four bewilderedly mutually exchanged glances, but—
"Y-Yes...!"
"It's an honor to be selected into Velsaria-dono's team!"
"Please include me by all means."
"M-Me too!"
They replied all together unanimously.
"...!"
Ellis chewed her lips, seemingly vexed.
She couldn't condemn the girls.
To be admitted into the team of the academy's strongest elementalist —ranking number one, Velsaria— was almost the same as obtaining a guaranteed ticket into the Blade Dance.
That temptation was too great, certainly because they were powerful people.
Besides, the girls were upperclassmen— members of the Knights when Velsaria was captain. In that case, they might be smoldering dissatisfaction from the start at the matter that Ellis was the captain like Kamito imagined just now.
"..."
As expected, it was probably awkward, so the girls didn't try to look at Ellis' face.
Velsaria faced toward Kamito.
"You surprised me— you had the time to cover for your contracted spirit with that distance. How about it, won't you join my team too. You seem to be able to at least be my outrider."
"I refuse. I'm with the hellcat ojou-sama's team."
Kamito glared back at Velsaria.
"«Team Scarlet»— Calamity Queen's sister's team that is currently in sixth place? Well, that's fine, if you won't be my pawn, then I'll just have to crush you."
Velsaria averted her line of sight as she lost interest—
And signaled the girls she headhunted from the Knights with her eyes.
As she made the clacking steel shoe sounds, she left the headquarters building.
Later—
The only things that remained were a cruelly up-turned mountain of rubble, plus Ellis and her comrades, in a dumbfounded state.
(No matter what, it doesn't hurt...)
Velsaria, who left the Sylphid Knights building, distorted her expression in pain.
The throbbing was fast. The «Heart» was pounding like it went crazy.
(I thought that I had already gotten used to this «Heart» but—)
She had not yet reached the point of fully controlling it.
She couldn't hold back the destructive impulses that were spurring her on from the depths of her body.
Or, even her very own consciousness might already have begun to be corroded.
(However, that's fine. If it wasn't like that, it would be meaningless—)
What was important was the infinite divine power that the «Heart» brought about with it.
As long as she had this «Heart»— she could win.
Against that girl— Ren AshbellThe Strongest Blade Dancer, who defeated her.
Suddenly, a dark flame lit within Velsaria's cold eyes.
(However, that male elementalist— Kazehaya Kamito or so he was called?)
Those black pupils that directly glared at Velsaria.
Within those eyes— existed something familiar.
(They look similar...)
They were the same eyes as the girl three years ago.
However, there were parts that were definitely different.
Kazehaya Kamito turned his hostility-filled gaze at Velsaria.
(—She's different. She wasn't even looking at me.)
She thought nothing about Velsaria, who was her competitor.
She was looking at something much further away.
"..."
—The Blade Dance would start a few weeks later.
Finally, her rematch with her, which was her dearest wish, would come true.
"Just wait, Ren Ashbell—"
As Velsaria felt the throbbing of the raging «Heart», she ground her molars.

Members of The Knights formed units of two-men-cells or three-men-cells depending on their abilities.
For the time being, Kamito, the newcomer, had formed a unit with Ellis, the Captain.
Although, rather than Kamito being a newcomer, this was because not a single girl wanted to form a unit with Kamito.
The Knights' work covered a lot of areas, more than Kamito had anticipated.
There was the mediation of duels of academy students, the exposing of traders smuggling sealed spirits, the safeguarding of spirits gone astray, the negotiations between student organizations, the rescuing of stranded people— The most frequent quest was the subjugation of beasts and rampaging spirits that passed through naturally occurring «Gates» in the Spirit Forest and came intruding from Astral Zero. Receiving a report that a large beast seemed to be rampaging outside the town this time as well, the two of them moved quickly to the scene.
Mowing down the trees of the forest, a large beast, wearing a gigantic shell, roared.
It was a beast like a spider cross-bred with a gigantic tortoise.
"What a pretty large prey, how big was the «Gate» that opened?"
"According to the Spirit Investigation Association's announcement, the size of the «Gates» appearing in the Spirit Forest seem to be getting bigger yearly. The reasons seem to be unknown."
Ellis nodded with a serious expression, and armed her elemental waffe «Ray Hawk».
It was his first time fighting side by side with Ellis like this but he knew her real ability.
Claire was more skilled in terms of her sense in flexible tactics, but in contrast with her, who would be moody and erratic, Ellis could fight in a steady way. With just the basics and without playing with shortcuts or tricks, she would force one to yield directly from the front. It was indeed an Ellis-like battle style.
"Now, Kamito!"
Matching up with Ellis attacking from the sky, Kamito plunged close towards the beast.
The shell creature's vital point was its soft abdomen. That's the same even for a beast.
Kamito kicked the ground with the elemental waffe sword in his hand.
At that moment, the beast's abdomen split vertically.
Appearing from its stomach was the head of a giant snake. Widely opening its mouth with sharp fangs, it swooped down at Kamito. The snake wriggling on the ground rolled up a large amount of sand and dirt.
"...What an absurd living thing, this beast is."
As Kamito dodged the beast's violent attack, he clicked his tongue.
Clad in the divine protection of her wind spirit and flying up in midair, Ellis released the blades of wind.
However, as if some magic effect was running— the blades were repelled by its hard shell.
*Don*. Ellis landed next to Kamito.
"What a nuisance, that shell seems to be strengthened by spirit magic of the resistance attribute."
"Spirit magic? Who on earth—"
"There is the possibility that this beast didn't come from a naturally occurring «Gate» and was summoned by somebody. In addition to the chaotic Valentia Holy Festival, they caused a disturbance outside of Academy Town and are probably trying to distract the Knights' attention."
Hearing this, Kamito got it.
"It's the Cursed Armament Seal smugglers who had infiltrated into Academy Town, right?"
"There's the possibility."
Ellis nodded with a stern expression.
The beast mowed down the trees of the forest and roared like it went mad.
With Ray Hawk in her hand, Ellis took a stance for an attack.
"Kamito, we'll do a coordinated attack. Let's bring it down in the next attack."
"Ah, I got it."
The striking-like attack of the beast came.
Ellis recited the flying spirit magic at high speed, grabbed Kamito's arm and flew up.
Upon flying up right above the beast, she quickly released her hand holding Kamito.
"Let's go Est!"
Responding to Kamito's shout, the elemental waffe —Terminus Est— shone dazzlingly.
It was a nose dive attack from the sky. A technique that was Ellis' specialty.
Along with the force of falling, the silver sword pierced into the shell.
*Crack*— A dry sound was heard, and a crack had opened, traversing across the beast's hard shell.
Immediately after.
"Haaaaa!"
Ellis, who continued on and nosed dived, aimed at the crack that had appeared on its shell and thrust in her Ray Hawk!
"—Go and rampage, evil winds!"
At the moment she shouted the words of releasing.
The large frame of the beast greatly sprung up in a jolt, and it let out a roar of agony upon its imminent death and became silent.
The violent winds raging inside its body had sliced and ripped its internal organs into pieces.
"For our first time, it was a coordination of precise timing."
Kamito pulled out Est, that was pierced into the shell, as he said that.
"Ahh, I may have a good compatibility with you... th-this is only as far as battles are concerned!"
Ellis swiftly turned red and turned away abruptly.
Even after the extermination of the beast in the Spirit Forest, the two of them were led around by incidents unexpectedly happening one by one.
Since there were many students out in town, due to the academy lectures being cancelled, trouble wouldn't seem to cease more than usual.
The part, where the number of Knights members decreased due to the headhunting this morning, also spurred on the business.
Time flew by while they were settling the unexpected incidents, and soon it was afternoon.
The Valentia Holy Festival began from the afternoon onwards.
As the mayor's speech seemed to be on the plaza's side, the townspeople's feet had been naturally going towards that direction.
"How dreadful, the Knights' work is."
As Kamito surveyed the state of the street springing with excitement in the preparation of the festival, he muttered.
"Still , it was special this morning. Besides, the part where the upperclassmen knights were headhunted, hurt. I've caused trouble for you right from your first day, I'm sorry."
Ellis dropped her shoulders, feeling dejected, and sighed.
She seemed to be depressed because of this morning's incident.
"Ellis, it's not that that was your fault, you know?"
"No, the fact that I couldn't restrain them is my responsibility."
Ellis slowly shook her head.
"Those four upperclassmen were Knights members from the time when Aneue was the captain. Most of the upperclassmen had resigned the moment I was selected to be the captain. Only they had remained so far, but— they ran out of patience with me, who lacks the ability as the captain."
"Ellis..."
"That reminds me, it was just a few weeks ago when you came here."
Ellis gave a talk about the Sylphid Knights from a year ago to Kamito.
The Sylphid Knights, when Velsaria was the captain, operated with iron rules and seemed to be an even-stronger organization as compared to now. They had the perfect efficient doctrine. The people, who violated even the group's rules, were punished right on the spot, and the academy students, who caused problems, were mercilessly beaten up with the armed power of the Knights.
Naturally, the academy rules seemed to have been kept well.
However, Velsaria's severe methods invited opposition from the academy students, who were highly-prideful noble girls, and before long, she had to step down from her position as captain.
Although she was the eldest daughter of the prestigious Fahrengart Duke Family, it might, after all, be the fact that she was no more than an adopted child of a lower class noble, or probably the cause of stirring animosity with the nobles, who honored their pedigree.
The one, who was elected to be that girl's successor, was Ellis of the same Fahrengart Family.
"In the past, Aneue was a splendid knight, whom I admired."
Ellis strongly bit her lips.
"She was a strict cold person, but she wasn't a person who would crush everything with power that way. Her current self is no longer the knight I aim to be."
Kamito remembered the spirit crystal he saw in Ellis' room yesterday.
The Velsaria in Ellis' memory had a completely different atmosphere as hers from this morning.
He felt it when he confronted her, that intimidating air that's even ominous.
(What on earth changed her like that?—)
Then, at that moment.
*Gyururu*.
There was the rumbling sound of a stomach..
"Ellis?"
"I-It isn't me!?"
Ellis turned bright red and denied.
Kamito made a wry smile.
"It's because we've been working since morning. The truth is that I'm also starving. Since it's almost time to change shifts, shall we have lunch or something?"
"Gu... E-Even though I'm saying that's not it."
Ignoring Ellis, who puffed out her cheeks, Kamito looked around his surroundings.
As there was the Valentia Holy Festival, there were many confection stores, but there were also plenty of street stalls selling other food. There was fried bread covered with sugar, a certain cuisine —wrapped in pie dough with vegetables and minced meat and baked— and grilled meat on skewers. ...Even if Ellis' hadn't, his stomach would have probably rumbled.
"Are you going to buy something at the stall? Or, are you going into a restaurant somewhere?"
"Mm, no, err..."
Thereupon, Ellis suddenly began to fidget for some reason.
"T-The truth is... I've made something though."
"Uh?"
Then, out of nowhere, a demon wind spirit in the form of an eagle came flying over.
It was Ellis' Simorghdemon wind spirit. It was holding onto a large basket in its claws.
"As expected."
Kamito was impressed.
To even make a bento herself, she was truly a capable ojou-sama.
"Well then, I'm going to buy something at the stall."
"W-Wa-Wa-Wait!"
Ellis caught hold of Kamito's neck as he was about to walk off.
"Wh-What?"
"Th-There's also your share..."
"Eh?"
"S-So, I'm saying that I also made your share!"
"My share?"
"Y-Yeah, because whether I make one or two, the time taken doesn't change that much. D-Don't misunderstand, I only made it because it would be wasteful to have ingredients left over!"
"I thank you for that. Ellis' bento is something I could look forward to."
"Mu[6], if you look forward to it that much, I'll feel troubled."
"Ahem", Ellis' cheeks reddened as she coughed.
"Well then, shall we find some place we can settle down somewhere—"
Ellis looked around the vicinity, and—
"Ah, Captain, there you are, shall we have lunch together?"
"Wh—!?"
While waving their hands on the opposite side of the road, a group of three girls came running over with the sound of their light footsteps.
All of them were Sylphid Knight members, who put on lightweight armor on top of their uniforms.
"Y-You girls, what about your patrol of the town?!"
"It's currently the time for the Ryuska-unit to be responsible for the patrol. After that, I had thought of having lunch with everyone. Captain, how about having it together with us?"
"Err, I have a prior commitment with Kamito—"
"Ah, how sly. Captain, you're planning to take hold of Kamito all by yourself!"
"Abuse of authority—"
"Captain, you perv!"
The three girls criticized Ellis simultaneously.
"I'm not taking hold of Kamito all by myself or something!"
Ellis turned bright red and flared up.
"Isn't that fine? You know, I couldn't do a self-introduction properly this morning, after all."
"Th-That was so, but, however..."
Ellis sighed, and—
"...I understand. Well then, let's have lunch with everyone."
"Mu", she glared at Kamito with a reproachful-like look and nodded.
Just like that, they ended up having lunch at a nearby park.
It was a lushly-green natural park near the plaza.
Within the busy town it was only quiet here, because of the Valentia Holy Festival preparations.
The Knights girls sat on top of the lawn, and opened their lunch boxes.
The three of theirs were sandwiches, but only Ellis' was different.
"Oh? That's amazingly extravagant."
"...I-Is that so? B-But it's nothing special, it's the same as usual."
Kamito raised his voice in admiration, and Ellis looked downwards as she was a little embarrassed.
There were potato-salad sandwiches, sausages, fried eggs, fruits that were cut into perfectly shaped sizes and more placed inside the slightly large lunch box.
"Lies, you usually only have peanut butter sandwiches, and yet—"
"The apples are also cut nicely into the shape of Mr. Rabbits!"
"The sausages are also made into Mr. Octopuses!"
Being glared at motionlessly with scornful eyes by the three girls, Ellis ended up being overwhelmed.
"Y-You girls too—"
Dodging the question, she faced the three and thrust her index finger out sternly.
"Despite being afraid of Kamito this morning, what on earth is with this turn of events?"
"..."
As a matter of fact, that was also bothering Kamito.
The reputation Kamito had from being a male elementalist in an academy of boxed-in ojou-samas was extremely bad. There were things like pervert, licentious beast, demon king of the night... Cruel misunderstandings were being made.
Furthermore, although there were circumstances, he had even seen the girls changing clothes this morning.
His first impression was supposed to be the worst.
The three of them mutually looked at each other's faces, and made a bewildered-like face.
"U-Um... Honestly, I'm still a little afraid."
"When I saw Captain talking normally to him, I thought he isn't such a bad person or something."
"Besides, he opposed that Velsaria head-on, how amazing."
The three of them placed both hands on their cheeks, and their faces slightly reddened for some reason.
Ellis slightly and sullenly pulled her lips back and pouted at such an appearance from the three of them.
"It's nothing, I just didn't like her."
Kamito agilely picked up a sandwich made by Ellis.
It was a ham-and-egg sandwich. The pepper was working, and it had a simple yet very pleasant seasoning.
"Delicious. To be able to make such a simple thing delicious is proof of your excellent skills."
"R-Really? ...That's great."
Ellis took a breath of relief.
"D-Don't hold back, eat up!"
"Ah, well then, I shan't hold back—"
Kamito was about to toss the sandwich into his mouth, and at that moment.
*Nom*.
The sandwich in his hand suddenly disappeared.
*Nom nom*.
"...Est, what are you doing?"
Est had returned to her human form from the sword and was beside him.
"Kamito, I'm also hungry. Feed me please."
"...It can't be helped, come on."
Kamito made a wry smile as he reached out to the sandwich.
He tore it into small pieces so that it'd be easy to eat, and threw it into Est's mouth.
*Nom nom*.
Chewing the bread expressionlessly, Est was almost like a small animal.
"Uh, Kamito, Th-That's the sandwiches I made for you, you know."
Ellis puffed her cheeks out with a "hmph".
"Ah, Est-chan is cute～"
"I also want to feed her!"
"Eat my sandwich, eat my sandwich too!"
The three Knights girls presented Est with food one after another.
*Nom*. *Nom nom*.
"As I thought she's a great one revered by humans."
"...No, she's completely being fed like an animal, you know?"
"Fua..."
Soon, Est made a lovely yawn, and threw herself onto Kamito's lap.
When he thought that she would instantly be making sweet sleeping-breaths—
Her body turned into particles of light, vanished into an empty space and returned back into her original sword form.
"Ah, she turned back into a sword..."
One of the girls muttered, seemingly disappointed.
"She ate all she could eat and went to sleep."
As Kamito placed Est back into the sword belt on his waist, he shrugged his shoulders in exasperation.
Est, who was detached from her Astral Zero body, was different from other contracted spirits, normally she would be spending almost the whole day in a sleeping state. Once she fell into this state, she pretty much wouldn't wake up.
After that, he ate the sandwiches as the time passed quietly.
The topics, which were brought up, were about the endless lectures and the books they read recently.
The Knights girls seemed tense about talking to Kamito but, a short while later, they had gradually opened their hearts. ...However, Ellis was making a face like she was not amused for some reason.
(Nevertheless—)
There was something Kamito suddenly noticed while the girls were talking.
"Even though you're in the Knights, all of you are normal girls?"
"Fue~?"
The three of them had their faces slightly reddened at the same time.
"Erm... N-Normal girls? Wh-What...do...you...mean?"
"Err, I certainly thought that you all would be like Ellis."
"Kamito, what do you mean by that?"
Ellis was sullenly glaring at him.
"Err, more strict, or rather, capable or something—"
"It was like that before. People like us would be discharged after all."
One of the three girls muttered.
"Yeah, it was the time when Velsaria was captain."
"She suppressed everything with power, honestly, the atmosphere in the academy wasn't good."
The other two also nodded their heads together. As they were members that joined after Ellis was inaugurated as captain, they seemed to be dissatisfied with former captain Velsaria's way of doing things.
"Was there no one, who would oppose Velsaria?"
The ones attending the academy were mostly highly-prideful daughters of nobles.
If they were suppressed by power like that, there should also be many people opposing her.
"—Of course, there were. Several people too."
Ellis cut into the conversation.
"However, even the most superior class upperclassman wasn't a threat to Aneue. In the end, the reason that Aneue stepped down from the duty of captain was because of the pressure from influential nobles."
"The ones, who rebelled against Velsaria to the very end were roughly those from the Raven Class. Especially hellcat Claire Rouge, even the Knights at that time seemed to have gotten their hands burnt."
"Well, but Claire Rouge is still a problem child now."
"...I see."
The confrontation between Claire and the Knights seemed to be something from the time before Ellis was inaugurated as captain.
Suddenly, Claire's face from yesterday came into Kamito's mind.
(...Is she still angry?)
Listening to the current conversation, Kamito also reconsidered that his explanation wasn't sufficient.
Since there was such a discord, it was also natural that she got angry after hearing that Kamito joined the Knights.
The truth was that he thought of looking into her room in the morning, but he was so extremely busy with the Knights work that he couldn't meet her.
—Just at that moment.
"Hn?"
Something passed by near his field of vision.
Kamito blinked and squinted.
It was the main street of town that could be seen from the park.
A small red tail was in sight among the teeming hustle and bustle.
(...Is that Scarlet?)
Scarlet was skillfully making its way through the congestion, as it seemed to be walking to somewhere.
Claire wasn't seen beside it.
(What is it doing?)
Then, like it noticed Kamito's gaze—
Scarlet instantly stopped and turned around towards him.
After that, it immediately disappeared into the congestion.
(...Is it telling me to follow it?)
"What's the matter, Kamito?"
"Sorry, I remembered that I've got a slight errand to do. I'll come back quickly."
Chasing after Scarlet's tail, which disappeared among the hustle and bustle, Kamito ran off.
"Come on, Scarlet, where the heck did you go?!"
Claire ruffled up her red twin tails, and was furiously angry.
The moment they walked into town, she ended up separated from Scarlet, and before she knew it, she got lost in some back alley.
Claire, who usually didn't go out to Academy Town, was virtually unfamiliar with the area. Also, Scarlet didn't seem to have returned to Astral Zero, so she couldn't even summon it.
There were no signs of people in the back alley. The Valentia Holy Festival seemed to be beginning over at the plaza, everyone had been gathering over there.
"...What's with this, aaah."
Claire restlessly looked around her surroundings, seemingly in anxiety.
Of course, hoodlums and the like were no match for Claire, an elementalist. Nevertheless, she somehow ended up feeling uneasy.
"...That guy too, he completely didn't return!"
Claire irritably made a *snap* sound with her whip.
To begin with, the reason Claire had gone out to town was for the sake of finding Kamito.
She had waited throughout the whole night yesterday, but Kamito didn't return in the end.
"What...? Despite the fact that I'd have forgiven you if you'd have honestly apologized."
Claire had also reflected a little about the part where she chased Kamito out without hearing his story out fully.
She absolutely couldn't forgive him for being in Ellis' room, but still, without saying cinders, she had planned on letting it end with him being about half-burnt at most.
(...Only for once, only once, I'll forgive him for swinging his tail at Ellis, despite his slave spirit social standing. I'm really tolerant, almost like a saint.)
Brushing her twin-tailed red hair quickly, Claire took out a small pouch from her uniform's pocket. It was a lovely pouch coiled with a yellow ribbon.
Inside were handmade chocolates.
Due to practicing over several times, she finally could make something that wasn't cinders.
"I-If he obediently apologized, I'd give him this as a reward. This is at most a reward. It has nothing to do with stuff like the Valentia Holy Festival."
Claire was muttering alone, when—
"Nyaa?"
"Hiwaa!"
Claire sprung up with shock.
When she turned around in a fluster, Scarlet had tilted its head to the side near her feet.
"A-Ahh, don't scare me! ...Good grief, you got lost as soon as we got here."
The one, who had been lost, was Claire, but she didn't admit that.
At that time, running footsteps were drawing closer from the other side of the alley.
"Claire!"
"...?"
Claire turned around, and the one that appeared from the corner of the alley was Kamito.
He was very out of breath, like he has been running for some time.
"Ka-Kamito! Why—"
"I caught sight of Scarlet's silhouette, and chased it here."
"Eh?"
(D-Does that mean he came looking for me?)
Claire made an angry-like, troubled-like, happy-like ambiguous face.
For the time being, as they were still in the middle of a quarrel, she didn't know what kind of expression she should be making.
(Th-That's right, I can't be making a sweet face here!)
The highly-prideful Claire had absolutely no intention of forgiving him until an apology came from Kamito. For the master to be apologizing to the slave was something that could absolutely not happen.
"Hmm, w-what did you come for at this point in time?!"
"You too, what are you doing at a place like this?"
Kamito asked, seemingly puzzled.
"...I-It's nothing, it isn't like I was searching for you."
"Ahh, I definitely understand that, but—"
"Doesn't that mean you don't understand?!"
Claire agitatedly raised her whip up— Then, she suddenly desisted from doing so.
If she swung her whip here, it'd end up the same as yesterday.
"...W-Well, that's fine."
Claire lowered the whip she raised, and roughly brushed her hair.
Kamito was carrying a blank look.
"Hey, Kamito? Just by chance, I'm casually free this afternoon."
"...? Is that so?"
"That's right. S-So, err, treat me to cake or something at a coffee lounge or somewhere! Th-Then, I'll have... no... choice but to forgive you, you know?"
Her cheeks slightly reddened, and she glanced at Kamito with one eye.
Those words just now were the greatest compromise for this highly-prideful Claire.
It wasn't like she wanted to be treated to cake. For Claire, it was her plan to give him an easy pretext to apologize.
Kamito would say "What, it can't be helped" as he treated her to cake, and Claire would go "Hmm, I'll forgive you in consideration of this cake" while shrugging her shoulders— Just like that, she thought she could patch up their relationship with a bit-by-bit-like atmosphere.
(It's probably too late, but tentatively, he did come to apologize. I'm also not a kid, so I'll leniently forgive him.)
"Sorry, I have to police Academy Town with Ellis today."
"Oh, I understand. With Ellis...?"
Claire's face froze in a snap.
"H-Hey, Kamito... I didn't hear it well, but... what was that just now?"
"I said, I have Knights work. I am going around and policing the town with Ellis."
Kamito plainly said it once more.
"..."
"Hey, Claire?"
"O-Oh? With Ellis...it's a date, I-Isn't it."
Claire's voice was trembling all over.
"No, it isn't a date, it's Knights—"
"Oh, you've already become the Knights' dog, haven't you? That badge suits you, doesn't it?"
*Gogogogogogogogo...!*
"...!?"
Claire was angry.
Her red twin-tailed hair bristled up, and she was with an impulse like she was going to release a fireball anytime soon.
"You, just hear me out a little. You don't have to look at the Knights with that much hostility, do you?"
"W-What, don't say it like you understand!"
Claire flared up, and raised her whip.
*Gyruruu*.
"..."
A somewhat lovely sound was heard.
While Claire held her whip overhead, she awkwardly averted her eyes.
"You, could it be that you haven't had lunch yet?"
"What, isn't that because you didn't make it for me—?"
"The one who chased me out was you."
"That's... true, but..."
Claire glared at Kamito, and groaned.
"Claire, if it's alright with you, would you eat with me?"
"Eh?"
Claire widened her ruby eyes.
"...Th-That's... well..."
Her face reddened, and abruptly turned away.
"I-If you insisted no matter what, I'm fine with that."
"Well then, come. I am eating together with Ellis and the others at the park over there."
"...!?"
*Pikuu*. Claire's temple twitched.
"Wh-What are you saying, you... Are you an idiot?!"
"I understand that you're on poor relations with the Knights, but they're all normal girls. If you had a meal together with them, wouldn't you become on good terms with them?"
"I have no intentions of being friends with them. I've hated the people from the Knights since a long time ago. I don't care if they're elite or not, but they utterly insulted Nee-sama!"
"Isn't that about the former Knights, Ellis isn't someone like that—"
"...What, Ellis this, Ellis that!"
Claire finally exploded. She was already at the limit of her tolerance.
Releasing her elemental waffe, she tightly grasped her blazing Flame Tongue.
...She didn't understand why.
However, it was unbearably vexing that Kamito was friendly with the Knights and Ellis.
"You are my slave spirit, so you're only mine!"
Her Flame Tongue was swung down as her emotions told.
However.
"—Leave it at that, Claire Rouge."
"...!?"
Her blazing Flame Tongue was held entangled by a lance clad in violent winds.
"It's a violation of school rules for a normal student to be using an elemental waffe in town."
"Ellis!?"
Ellis, who stood like she was protecting Kamito, was glaring at Claire with a relentless look.
"...!"
Claire gnawed down on her molars, seemingly vexed.
Large droplets of tears surfaced on her clear ruby pupils.
"...Enough."
"Eh?"
"That's enough, idiot, do as you please!"
"H-Hey, Claire... Guaa!"
Claire threw the bag of chocolates with all her strength at Kamito's face.
"I despise people like you! Wh-Why don't you just get along with Ellis—"
Claire shouted with a voice mangled with tears and ran away immediately.
"—Hey, wasn't that Claire Rouge just now?"
The upperclassmen witnessed Claire's appearance of dashing out from the alley.
They were the adamantine elementalist and the demon mirror elementalist, who fought Claire's team yesterday.
The two of them glared annoyingly at Claire, who was running away.
"...She's alone now. We're also outside of the academy, where it's beyond the eyes of the teachers."
The adamantine elementalist girl exchanged looks, and
"It's useless. Look! That male elementalist and Captain-dono are around."
It was just the moment when Kamito and Ellis emerged, chasing Claire.
"Tch, that male elementalist joined the Knights, didn't he?"
"Isn't it that they're shorthanded because of the assault the other day? Compared to Velsaria's time, the quality of the Sylphid Knights had also fallen greatly."
The two of them were former members of the Knights.
Their confrontational relationship with that audacious Claire Rogue also stemmed from that period.
That said, their conduct lacked integrity to begin with. For example, they persistently misused and abused their authority as Knights to torment weaker students. After Ellis became captain, she had expelled these two from the Knights.
"However, if it's just three underclassmen, we could—"
"You better give it a rest. Even you two would be no match even if you join forces."
"...!?"
The two of them quickly poised themselves at the voice from behind.
The one, who was standing there without even her presence felt by the two elementalists, was—
A jade-green haired, bewitchingly beautiful girl.
"Hey, you two, don't you desire for more splendid power?"
"Wh...at...?"
"Mighty power, to the extent that that hellcat ojou-sama wouldn't be a problem."
MurdersCorpse Federation merchant, Vivian Melosa's red pupils ominously shone.

It was evening. The plaza of Academy Town was bustling with crowds of people.
Sweet smells tickled his nostrils. At the shrine, delicious-looking baked sweets were piled up like a mountain and princess maidens dispatched from the academy were showcasing a blade dance that entertained the spirits.
"However, where did that girl go?”
As his gaze fell towards the chocolate that Claire had thrown aside—
Kamito breathed a sigh, exasperated.
Together with Ellis and the other two, they had given chase after Claire. But halfway through, the time for the change of patrols came and they had to give up. With that, they started their rounds around the «Wind» area.
"....."
Ellis, walking right beside him with a complicated expression, stared at the chocolate that Kamito was carrying.
"What is it, Ellis?"
"N-No, it's nothing.... It looks like there's no problem in this area."
Ellis coughed, and looked away.
Indeed, there did not seem to be any signs of suspicious activity in this area.
Although there might have been brawls between drunkards and pickpockets, those kinds of troubles were left for the town's vigilante corps to deal with. Rather, what Kamito and the others needed to look out for were the matters that the townspeople, who were not used to interaction with spirits, incurred the anger of the spirits unknowingly.
During the rituals of worshiping the spirits, those kinds of incidents occurred frequently.
"This is almost like.... a da-date."
"Hm, did you say something?"
"Nothing at all, concentrate more on patrolling!"
Ellis' face was flushed a deep red as she got angry.
"So-Sorry...."
Kamito apologized.
(.....Wait a second, isn't Ellis the one who isn't concentrating?)
Since awhile ago Ellis, who was not able to calm down, was stealing glances at Kamito's face from the side now and then.
Somehow, her manner of walking seemed unsteady and uncertain.
Their shoulders coming so close together that he was not sure whether they were touching, and then her screaming "Fuwaa", once again moving away from him — that kind of thing was repeated over and over.
Because of that, they bumped into the people that they passed by, many times.
"Ellis, walking like that is dangerous."
Unable to watch any longer, Kamito grabbed Ellis' hand,
"......W-W-What are you doing, you insolent person!"
"No, since a while ago, you were somewhat unsteady, and it got dangerous... Your hand is also a little hot. Would you happen to have a fever or something?"
"...～Wh-Whose fault do you think it is?!"
As Ellis' hand was joined with Kamito's, she hit his shoulder.
"I'll have you bear responsibility for taking my first time!"
"Wh...!?"
At those words of Ellis, whose face was colored in bright red,—
The people, going back and forth on the street, turned around with their faces lighted up.
They glared at Kamito with a scornful-like look and murmured in a soft voice together.
"Ellis, don't utter something that would invite misunderstandings!"
"I-It isn't a misunderstanding! Really, I-it's my first time joining hands with a man!"
"...!?"
That was it— Kamito suddenly understood.
Thinking about it, Ellis was also an ojou-sama with a prestigious noble background.
Now that he thought about it, Claire and the others seemed like they were hesitating about joining hands with him when they were departing yesterday. To them who were the daughters of nobles, joining hands with a boy might be an act more embarrassing than he imagined.
"...Sorry. My bad."
Just as Kamito was about to release her hand—
"Ah, no, I don't mind, and I didn't mean to scare you."
As Ellis embarrassedly looked away, she tightly squeezed his hand back.
It was the soft feeling of a girl's hands. The reason hard calluses were formed here-and-there was surely the proof that she seriously practised her martial arts.
Just like that, Ellis walked on stiffly like a spring-action toy.
"I-It's... a guy's hand"
"Of course, it is."
Upon hearing Kamito's reply, Ellis giggled, seemingly happy, for some reason.
He was instantly startled by that facial expression of the usually dignified Ellis.
"It's more embarrassing than I thought... to hold hands."
"Ahh, that is true."
Scratching his cheek with one hand, Kamito vaguely nodded.
To be honest, he was a little absent-minded.
From a moment ago, Ellis' large busts were pressing on his arm.
Although, he didn't directly touch them because her Knights breastplate was there, the sensation of their elasticity was being transmitted whether he liked it or not. The reason his eyes unconsciously moved to her willful body beneath her armour was something that couldn't be helped for a boy in puberty.
(W-With such a stiff personality, her body sure is soft...)
With his heart beating hard and full of excitement, the two walked down the main street filled with the hustle-and-bustle of the festival for a while.
The beautiful stone-made street was lit up by the illumination of the spirit crystals.
Pointing at the soft-toy bear ornamented at the display window, Ellis' eyes had sparkled, and she was gazing at a gorgeous party dress in front of a clothing shop.
When Kamito brought up yesterday's maid's outfit incident to tease her, her face turned bright red as she flared up.
"Hmph! After all, I'm not suited for those sort of beautiful clothings!"
"There's no such thing. Ellis in her usual knight clothing is also attractive but I also want to see Ellis wearing clothes like these."
"...What-What are you talking about?"
Pouting her lips, Ellis bashfully looked downwards.
Those actions were not of the usually dignified knight, they seemed to be those of an ordinary girl.
Looking at her like that——
Kamito suddenly had something he wanted to try asking.
"Hey, Ellis, why did you plan on becoming a knight?"
While she was the daughter of the top military families, the Fahrengart family, he had felt that her obsession towards the way of life of a knight wasn't just because of that reason.
"......"
Ellis slowly turned her face toward him.
"At first, it was because of the admiration towards Aneue."
"That Velsaria Eva?"
"That's right. Aneue was a splendid knight. She was a person who was disciplined with herself, hated injustice, was earnestly polishing her sword skills, and was always aiming for a way of life like attaining the objectives of the people."
As if gazing at somewhere far away, she looked up at the sky that was dyed by the faint sunset.
"From when I was a child, I had always been thinking of wanting to be a knight like Aneue. As the successor of the Fahrengart family, I want to be a spirit knight that protects many people. So, when I joined the academy, I immediately made an application to the Sylphid Knights that Aneue was serving as Captain."
Suddenly, Ellis's reddish-brown pupils darkened.
However— She continued.
"When I joined the academy, Aneue had already changed. As if she was spurred on by something, she had turned into someone merely pursuing power. Of course, I can't say that way of life is absolutely wrong. Pursuing for superior power is also the proper way of life as an elementalist. However, at the very least, that person now isn't the knight I admired."
"What had changed her like that?"
Kamito asked—
Ellis tightly bit her lips,
"It's probably the match with Ren Ashbell three years ago."
"...!?"
Without thinking, Kamito had raised his voice.
"I'm also not sure what happened. However, with that match, it is a fact that Aneue had changed."
"..."
Kamito dropped his sight onto his left hand tucked into a leather glove.
The spirit seal, which tied him with his former contracted spirit, was engraved over there.
It was the left hand that defeated Velsaria and won through the Blade Dance three years ago.
It was the left hand that had cut down many «wishes» for the sake of victory.
(—The me three years ago had not been looking at anything.)
He was just merely fighting for her sake.
He had earnestly accumulated victories and brought down many opponents with a pure heart.
There were practically no opponents whose faces he remembered. At that time, he didn't have the leisure of thinking about things like what kind of thoughts the opponents defeated by Ren Ashbell had when participating in the Blade Dance
He recalled Velsaria Eva's icy-like pupils.
(...Was it me who changed Ellis' respected knight?)
Ellis dropped her line of sight from the madder-red sky, and turned towards Kamito.
Her reddish-brown pupils harboured strong will.
"I want to show Aneue it, the way of the knight I believe in. Although I am still inexperienced now, I am thinking of wanting to seize the thing that lies beyond power someday. For that reason, I'm participating in the Blade Dance."
For the sake of the way of the knight I believe in—
Ellis, who said that in a dignified manner, was dazzling to Kamito.
"Ellis, don't you hate Ren Ashbell?"
Kamito had inquired spontaneously.
If the occasion that changed Velsaria was assumed to be the match from three years ago—
It couldn't be helped that she was hated by Ellis— So, he thought.
However, Ellis lightly shook her head.
"Of course, I also had resented her when Aneue was defeated. However, while looking at Ren Ashbell winning and winning, I noticed that I was getting captivated by her."
"I don't get it. She should be similar to the other elementalists, merely dancing a blade dance for the «wish». It's not like she has a splendid goal like Ellis—"
"Wrong"
Ellis interrupted with a harsh voice.
"...?"
"Her blade dance was a blade dance more noble than anyone's. If that was not the case, it would be impossible for her to satisfy the Elemental Lords, and above all, why do you think the girls, who were watching her at that venue, are now still attracted to her?"
"..."
Kamito spontaneously gulped at the threatening look of Ellis who was like scolding him harshly.
"It was precisely because the appearance of her dancing the blade dance was noble that I was charmed and attracted to her. Surely, she wasn't swinging her sword for herself— but for someone."
"For someone..."
Kamito—
Stared motionlessly at his left hand that exchanged a contract with the darkness spirit girl.
He felt like he was saved a little with Ellis' words.
For someone— That was correct. The reason Kamito participated the Blade Dance was for her.
Losing himself, he swung his sword for the sake of granting her one and only desired «wish».
Even if, for example, that result was something disgusting.
Performing a blade dance for his precious her— at least that was certain.
The girl in front of him had said so.
"Ellis, thank you."
"...? What is this about?"
Ellis frowned suspiciously.
"No, nothing."
Kamito laughed bitterly as he looked away from Ellis.
—Then, his gaze stopped at one store.
"Ellis, could you accompany me to buy a little something?"
"W-We're on duty, you know."
"I have decided on what to buy. It shouldn't take more than a minute."
"...It can't be helped. What are you buying?"
"Um, something..."
As Kamito scratched the back of his ear, he walked towards the store.
Claire was walking through the Spirit Forest on the outskirts with a dejected expression.
The lively noise from the plaza far away could be heard.
The day was almost over, but it was somewhat vexing for her to return just like that and she also felt that she didn't want to meet Fianna and Rinslet.
"...Euph! What's with the work of the Knights? D-Despite that I was planning to forgive him."
Claire rubbed her eyes briskly with her uniform sleeves.
The cold evening wind blew her red twin-tailed hair like it was making fun of her.
Claire bit her lips tightly and dropped her sight onto her leather loafers.
*Potaa*[7] A drop of tear spilled over and fell.
"...It's my birthday and yet..."
Upon voicing it out, she suddenly became unbearably lonely.
Every year, both her parents, her sister and the locals would gather in great numbers in their castle and a grand birthday party would be held. She would wear a beautiful dress, the table would be fully lined up with her favourite cakes and feasts, and she would be sleeping in a warm bed together with her sister, who would return from the «Divine Ritual Institute» only on that day— that would be the most enjoyable day of the year.
However, four years ago— on that day when her sister Rubia Elstein betrayed the Elemental Lord of Fire.
Young Claire lost everything.
(...That's right, I still have my goals.)
Shaking off her sentiments, Claire sharply raised her face from the ground.
It was not the time to be having fun with such things like her birthday or the Valentia Holy Festival.
(My goals are to win through the Blade Dance and know the truth of four years ago. For that objective, I have to become even stronger—)
Her red twin-tailed hair bristled up like flames.
(Even if someone like Kamito isn't there, I'll—)
"Fufu, you seem to be harbouring a lot of stress, hellcat ojou-sama."
"...!?"
Towards the voice from behind—
Claire quickly turned around.
A girl was giggling as she was standing at the opposite of the grove of trees.
She had jade-green hair that grew till her waist and ears with sharp tips.
She had recollections of her.
She was the waitress, who came carrying the gigantic parfait, at the restaurant yesterday.
(When did she get close?!)
Claire got cautious and readied herself. To approach Claire, an elementalist, without being noticed, she couldn't be a normal person.
Her intuition was telling her that this lady was dangerous.
"Who... are you? I am sorry but I am now in a terribly bad mood."
"Ah, what a cute face you're making, what a very scary cat."
Vivian Melosa swung both her hands to show her.
"Despite that I took great pains on planning to lend you power.”
"...Power?"
Claire's eyebrows twitched.
"Yes, it's the thing that you now desire the most."
"You... could you be...?"
Clare glared at the lady before her.
"The Cursed Armament Seal smuggler!"
"Correct! However, to be more accurate, it would be researcher, you know♪"
As Vivian Melosa was swinging her index finger, she was slowly walking towards her.
Her red glaringly shiny pupils were peering motionlessly into Claire's eyes.
It was like she saw through till the innermost depths of her heart.
"—Hmm, kitty, don't you want that splendid power?"
Her words roaringly reverberated.
Claire couldn't move like her feet were binded.
(This is domination magic?!)
It was a type of mind manipulation magic.
Her words echoed many times in her head and penetrated the innermost part of her mind.
"... You"
"If you implanted my «Cursed Armament Seal», your hellcat-chan will become an even mightier spirit."
It hurt like her head was splitting. Even if she plugged her ears with both hands, the words penetrated through.
—Hey, don't you want power?
—The power to overwhelm everything— The power to achieve your «wish».
(...It's obvious that I want something like that!)
She had wanted power. She had needed power at any cost for the sake of her goals.
For that reason, she would do anything— She had prepared herself like that since that day four years ago.
Thus, she had even risked the danger to her life to reach her hand out to a powerful sealed spirit.
She had made a contract with that darkness spirit's presented frenzy spirit.
However.
"Don't look down on me!"
In an instant, Claire's blazing Flame Tongue manifested in her hand, and mowed down the space before her.
"...My domination magic was broken?"
"My apologies but I'll reject your forceful sale."
As Claire raised her breathing, she swung her Flame Tongue with a snap as if to shake off the temptation.
"How disappointing. I thought you had the qualifications but it looks like I miscalculated."
Vivian Melosa shrugged her shoulders looking bored.
If it was Claire from a few weeks ago, she probably wouldn't have been able to oppose the temptation.
She might have sought for easy power and laid her hands on the Cursed Armament Seal.
(But I'm now different.)
If you want power— I will become your contract spirit.
(...After all, he had promised me)
"So, I don't need such phony powers!"
At the same time Claire shouted, she released a fireball of spirit magic.
She didn't go easy on the merchant opponent of the Cursed Armament Seal. She attacked with the intention of turning her completely into cinders.
A terrifying shock and explosion resounded in the quiet forest.
The trees in the surroundings were blown off at one go and had fallen down in a straight line.
The trees burned up. However, Vivian Melosa wasn't there.
"Fufu, please don't be in such a hurry. There is someone else who wants to meet you without fail."
A bewitching voice sounded from within the forest.
Claire was startled and turned around—
From deep within the forest, a tall girl appeared.
"You are..."
She was the adamantine elementalist upperclassman, who provoked Claire yesterday.
There was completely no expression on that face of hers.
She came over, walking unsteadily like a ghost.
"Don't tell me... the Cursed Armament Seal?"
"Ah, please don't be mistaken. The one who wanted power was her. Although, it looks like her mind couldn't bear my Cursed Armament Seal."
The sound of chuckling scorns reverberated within the forest.
"...Wa...a...laire...Rouge...Aaaahhh!"
The adamantine elementalist girl released a ear-splitting wail.
In that instant, a violent wind swept over, and a huge beast appeared from nowhere.
Over there— There was large deer of the metal attribute, which easily surpassed Claire's height.
It had two horns that extended out radically and black pupils that harboured signs of atrocity.
It had a terrifying air of intimidation that caused her skin to tremble.
"What? Isn't this... the adamantine spirit!?"
Claire raised her voice in shock.
Her contracted spirit shouldn't be a powerful high-ranking spirit of this level.
"No, that is without doubt her spirit. It evolved with my Cursed Armament Seal, you know♪"
Vivian Melosa chuckled.
"So, would you please cooperate with my experiment, hellcat ojou-sama."
"...!?"
The frenzied large deer released a repulsive roar and came charging over.

What Kamito bought was the cat pendant that Claire was looking at.
After getting the box wrapped with a red ribbon, Kamito placed it into his chest pocket as he embarrassedly scratched his face.
"Today is her birthday."
"I see. The reason you asked for the remuneration in advance was for the sake of buying that."
"Hn, you could say that... but, I ended up having a quarrel with her."
The moment Kamito shrugged his shoulders, Ellis coughed.
"I think reconciling is not going to be that hard. Wasn't that chocolate from just now Claire Rouge's handmade item?"
"Ah, it looks like it. It also looks like she practised yesterday."
"For her to give that on the day of the Valentia Holy Festival means that, err, she doesn't even hate you, I think... I mean, I think that she wants to reconcile, right?"
"If it was like that, it would be great."
"A-Although, in the case where the recipient is of the opposite sex, there is also a slight chance that that's not just it but..."
Ellis coughed again—
She stared at Kamito's face.
"Hn? What's the matter?"
"E-Err, u-um... Actually, I-I also have chocolates—"
Ellis was almost going to take out something from the pocket of her uniform, and at that moment.
*Dooooon—!*
An earth-shaking-like thunderous roar reverberated from the direction of the plaza.
"...Ellis!?"
"Ah, lets go Kamito!"
Ellis instantly changed back to her knight face, and started running vigorously.
Pushing their way through the chaotic crowds and arriving at the plaza—
"What is that!?"
A gigantic beast had been rampaging about in the middle of the plaza.
It was a beast like a wild boar, with two sharp tusks.
Its whole body was covered by a shell that was like thoroughly polished mirror.
That was not a beast. That was a spirit.
Furthermore, it was a frenzied high level spirit.
The crowd in the plaza had already fallen into panic.
In trying to escape simultaneously in the same direction, they ended up falling one after another all over the place.
There also seemed to be a great number of old people and young children amongst the crowd.
"Did someone make the spirit run wild?"
"Ah, there might be an elementalist somewhere but that thing has completely lost control."
As expected of being used to these sort of situations, Ellis was very calm.
She had already armed her elemental waffe «Ray Hawk» in her hand.
"The investigation of the cause will be done later. I've concluded this situation to be a level five spirit disaster. Let's exterminate it, Kamito."
"Understood!"
Giving a nod, Kamito unsheathed Terminus Est from the sword belt on his hip.
Driving divine power to the sword, he woke up the sleeping Demon SlayerDemon King Killing Sacred Sword.
"Est, lend me your power!"
Responding to the presence of the elemental waffen, the frenzied spirit turned towards the two.
Releasing an atmosphere-shaking giant roar, it kicked the ground and charged forward.
There was a terrifying tremor. The buildings around collapsed one by one.
"—Ha!"
Ellis swung Ray Hawk horizontally.
Countless wind blades that could even rip steel apart were produced and were released simultaneously towards the spirit.
Even if a high level spirit took on that directly, it would not get away fine.
But—
At that moment, the shell of the mirror-like spirit glowed with rainbow colors.
"What!?"
Beams of light burst forth— And at the same time, the blades of wind that should have hit it directly were all reflected at once.
The wind blades that were bounced back slashed the surrounding buildings right in half. The upper half of the buildings slowly fell down, and raised up a thunderous roar and a large dancing cloud of sand.
"My wind blades were repelled!?"
"No— It amplified and reflected them."
Kamito sharply glared at the spirit in front of him.
(...A spirit that reflects attribute attacks, eh?)
What came to Kamito's mind was the match yesterday.
(...Don't tell me, that's the mirror spirit?)
"It's coming, Kamito!"
Ellis shouted out. After blasting off the scattered rubble, the frenzied spirit started charging.
Kamito took a stance with Terminus Est and stood in the way of the spirit.
It would be easy to dodge— But, that couldn't be done.
There was a great crowd, who was late in getting away, behind him. He had to protect them at that point.
Its huge tusks were approaching. That intense blow— was stopped by Kamito using the edge of his sword.
A metallic sound resounded. He could barely stop the large beast but Terminus Est, who could only bring forth less than a tenth of her power, couldn't even chip its skin.
(...This thing's divine power is in a different league.)
Cold sweat surfaced on Kamito's forehead.
As Kamito held back the giant tusks with the sword, he was gradually getting pinned down.
(Damn, if we're in Astral Zero, I'll be able to manage somehow but—)
It was a frenzied high level spirit. It might be a threat to ordinary elementalists, but for Kamito who was titled the Strongest Blade Dancer, it was not an opponent that would give him a hard fight.
However, the problem was the fact that the crowd, whom were late in getting away, was there in his surroundings.
What would happen if he released this beast onto them would be plainly obvious.
Discerning that attribute attacks were ineffective, Ellis landed behind Kamito and went on guiding people to take refuge. It was a Sylphid Knights Captain-like calm and reasonable decision.
The demon mirror spirit started to howl wildly.
It smashed the ground with that shock and sent Kamito, who was holding back the tusks, flying.
And like that, he plunged into a mountain of rubble.
"Gah, what crazy strength..."
Groaning, Kamito tried to stand up as he was wavering, and—
"—Kamito!"
Hearing Ellis' shout, Kamito quickly turned his head around.
The demonic mirror spirit was stampeding its feet violent on the ground.
In its path, there was a small girl who was petrified.
It was probably the first time she had seen a rampaging spirit, so it seemed that she got scared and her feet wouldn't move.
The spirit released a loud roar and charged.
(Damn, I can't make it!)
Upon standing up, Kamito kicked the ground and leaped.
With that timing, grabbing the girl and dodging was impossible.
Making a quick judgement, he pushed the girl to the side.
A spray of red blood danced out.
The strong attack gouged the side of Kamito's abdomen.
"Gwah!"
It was hot. His vision turned pure white at that burning-like pain.
The demonic mirror spirit swung its tusks and Kamito's body was slammed onto the ground.
"...! Kamito!!"
Ellis instantly dashed towards him.
The white school uniform was slowly dyed with the color of blood.
(... What about that girl?)
Enduring the pain, he encircled his surroundings with his line of sight—
The girl he thrust aside was unable to stand up and was sitting on the ground.
The moment he took a breath of relief, he coughed violently.
Red blood surged out onto the ground.
"Kamito! Are you alright?! Kamito—!!"
Ellis cried out loud.
"Ah... Somehow."
Like he sustained a concussion, his consciousness was slipping away.
The face of Ellis worriedly looking at him became blurry,
Cold sweat gushed out from his whole body. He knew that he was turning pale.
Pressing the side of his abdomen with one hand, Kamito slowly stood up.
He glared at the demonic mirror spirit that was covered in his own blood.
"E-Ellis, cover me. I'll take care of that guy."
"But, your injury—"
"The affinity between your elemental waffe and this guy is too incompatible. Only I can do this."
Presented with an irrefutable truth, Ellis vexingly bit her lips
Kamito clenched Terminus Est with both hands, and put in all the divine power he had.
(...I have to finish it at the next strike...)
The Demon SlayerDemon King Killing Sacred Sword was the strongest class of elemental waffe, but its output was very unstable.
Without driving enough divine power into it and controlling it, most of its power couldn't be manifested.
With the Kamito's current state, he could only bet on that one strike.
The demonic mirror spirit raised its tusk, and charged again.
"Ellis, I'm counting on you!"
"Ah!"
Kamito jumped— no, flew just above it.
Ellis had used her wind spirit magic.
Flying over the demonic mirror spirit, Kamito swung his sword downwards on the huge beast's head.
However.
(...! It didn't go through!?)
The Demon King Killing Sacred Sword only slightly pierced the demonic spirit's forehead.
Because of his serious injury, his control over Est was unstable.
The raging demonic mirror spirit shook his head violently and threw Kamito on the ground.
The behemoth slowly approached the fallen Kamito from just above his head—
At that moment, a deep crimson slash ripped the skies apart.
Flame Tongue was twined around the demonic mirror spirit, making it trip and that behemoth toppled sideways .
*Dooon!*
There was terrifying tremor. Dust instantly flew up.
"What!?"
From the shroud of dust— her voice could be heard.
"That person is my slave spirit... don't touch him without my permission!"
"Claire!?"
Kamito's eyes widened in surprise.
Holding Flame Tongue, Claire got down from the second floor of a building.
"Y-You, why—"
"We'll talk afterwards. Let's defeat them first."
"Them?"
Kamito suspiciously frowned— and followed after what was before Claire's glaring line of sight.
Then, buildings were destroyed and, from the opposite side of the plaza, another spirit appeared.
It was a large deer of metal with huge horns hung high on its head.
"...! There's another one?!"
"What on earth is happening, Claire Rouge?"
Ellis rushed over and asked with a sharp expression.
"Their masters are the demonic mirror elementalist and the adamantine elementalist students. I've already defeated the elementalists, but these two spirits have completely lost control and gone into a frenzy."
"Don't tell me, it's the two people from yesterday... B-But their contract spirits don't have that kind of form—"
Stopping his sentence midway— Kamito suddenly realized. Ellis also seemed to get it.
"Don't tell me..."
"Uh, they made use of the Cursed Armament Seals."
"...!"
Ellis bit her lips vexingly.
She was lamenting about the fact that she couldn't stop the students from reaching out to the Cursed Armament Seals.
Cursed Armament Seal allowed mid level spirits to evolve into a high level spirit. There's no way they'll be all right transplanting such things. The result was the rampaging of their spirits.
"By the way, what's with those injures of yours!?"
Noticing the blood stains on his uniform, Claire widened her eyes.
"...Ah, I made a blunder. You too, aren't you also covered in injuries?"
"...S-Such a thing is not a big deal."
Claire quickly turned her face away, holding up a strong front.
But, even her uniform was torn everywhere, and her limbs were full of injuries.
"Putting that aside, Ellis, where's the Sylphid Knights reinforcements?"
"They should already be on their way. However, it's just that the ones policing this area were Kamito and I... amongst this crowd, it will take time for them to come from the other areas."
Ellis bit her lips and looked down. As the battle strength of the Sylphid Knights were almost cut by half, they couldn't help but disperse their security forces.
Releasing a loud roar that shook the earth, the fallen demonic mirror spirit got up.
The adamantine spirit with the form of a large deer was also slowly walking to the center of the plaza.
"There are two high level spirits running wild, —As expected, this is really intense."
Claire nervously groaned.
There were still large groups of people, who failed to escaped outside the plaza. Waiting leisurely for the reinforcement from the Sylphid Knights and the Academy would only end up in irreparable results.
"I could probably at least stall for time?"
"Apologies, Claire Rouge, lend me your strength until reinforcements arrive."
Respectively clenching their own elemental waffen, Claire and Ellis confronted the two spirits.
And at that instant, a bright flash exploded.
There was a ear-splitting thunderous sound. The rubble was smashed up.
"...! What was that!?"
As Kamito protected his eyes from the flying stone fragments, he yelled out.
That was rain.
That was a rain of bombardment that mercilessly fired at the two spirits.
The ground violently shook, and countless pillars of fire shot up to the sky.
"..."
The moment the bombardment stopped—
There was only the completely destroyed plaza left behind.
The two high level spirits were completely annihilated.
(...What on earth happened!?)
While coughing violently, Kamito looked high up— at the direction of the bombardment.
Over there— a giant fortress was floating!
It was an aerial fortress that was equipped with several layers of composite armor and a countless amount of cannons.
A pair of frozen ice-blue pupils were glaring onto the ground.
"The Silent Fortress—"
The Academy's strongest elementalist, who destroyed the plaza in an instant, slowly landed on the ground.
"Strength will be trampled by greater strength. Half-baked strengths are the same as nothing."
"Velsaria..."
Kamito pressed down on the side his abdomen that was oozing blood as he glared at Velsaria.
There were buildings of the plaza that were destroyed in every way possible by the bombardment.
The fragments of rubble, which was smashed up, were merciless raining onto the crowd that had not fled.
"Why did you open fire! You should know that using such an elemental waffe would end out like—"
"I only exterminated the rampaging spirits. Those that were involved were unlucky— no, for it to end with this level of damage was instead lucky of them."
"Aneue! Do you seriously think like—"
Velsaria coldly looked down at the enraged Ellis.
"Ellis, it looks like it was a mistake to entrust you as the captain. It seems like you can't even deal with a situation of this level. You're free to spit out your ideals of a knight or something— but ideals without power are just thoughtless words. You don't have the qualifications to call yourself a knight."
"...!?"
Pushing away Ellis, Velsaria was about to leave.
At that moment.
"Take it back."
"What?"
"Take it back, those words you just said! And apologize to Ellis!"
With his faint consciousness, Kamito dragged his feet forward with wobbly footsteps and approached Velsaria.
It was unacceptable that she spouted out such words without even knowing Ellis' feelings.
It was the fact that the one who spouted such words was the knight that Ellis had once admired.
"Whatever belief you hold onto is your freedom. However, you know, I'll just never forgive you who doesn't know anything, for stepping on Ellis' ideals."
"I'm just saying the truth. The Fahrengart knights would never twist their words."
"Don't mess around, you do not have the qualifications to call yourself a knight."
"...!?"
There were ripples of emotions rising in Velsaria's pupils.
It was neither irritation, nor anger— but some different emotion.
"Disappear, male elementalist. Your existence is an eyesore."
"Wait—"
Just when he was going to try chase her further, Kamito's vision violently shook.
Blood gushed out of his throat. The vision in front of his eyes suddenly began to fade like there was a haze.
"Damn...!"
"—Kamito!"
Claire quickly held and stopped Kamito's body that was falling to the ground.

"Ah..."
As Kamito opened his eyes, the familiar ceiling of Claire's room came into his vision.
Warm sunlight was shining through the curtain.
(...Eh? I... Why was I sleeping?)
His memory was in a mess.
He didn't know when his pajamas were put on him, or when his bandages were wrapped on him.
Next to his bed, there was a cracked spirit crystal that he believed was used for healing.
Kamito was going to just stand up for now—
"Hoo... Ah...!"
Burning like pain ran at the side of his abdomen.
When he took a look, the blood at the bandages wrapped around his abdomen had dried up and hardened.
(That's right, I—)
Due to that pain, Kamito finally remembered.
(I was pierced at my abdomen by that spirit...)
It was the demonic mirror spirit that went out of control due to the power of the Cursed Armament Seal.
The spirit that wounded Kamito was annihilated by Velsaria.
With overwhelming destructive force. Without even leaving any traces.
A spirit, which was thoroughly destroyed to that extent, could not even return back to Astral Zero.
It should have been completely eradicated.
"The Academy's strongest blade dancer— huh?"
Precisely because it was a sealed spirit the same as Est, that fortress was an abnormal elemental waffe.
She was becoming far stronger than the time at the Blade Dance three years ago.
(...With how I am now, could I defeat her?)
As he clenched his left hand which had once been holding a jet-black demonic sword, he asked himself.
He had a blank of three years where he went embarking on the journey to find Restia.
There was also the fact that the spirit contract with Est was still incomplete.
If it was about the reasons that he couldn't win, he could come up with as many as he liked.
(That orphan of the «Instructional School» — Jio Inzagi had said that I've become weak...)
That was because Kamito was subconsciously protecting his companions.
If that was a weakness, then—
(... I have indeed become weak, heh.)
Enduring the pain like that of a terrible burn wound, he finally got up from the bed.
Kamito's uniform was hanging on a wall of the room. It was a mere shadow of its former self with all that damage.
It was probably decided that there would be no point in washing it now, so it was left there like that.
While he placed both hands on the wall, he started walking with shaky footsteps.
After he searched his uniform's chest pocket, he took out a present and a chocolate.
The chocolate had melted and been flattened, but it was something that Claire made with great trouble. So, he was going to eat it gratefully.
After making his resolve and tossing a bite-size piece into his mouth, sweetness instantly spread out inside his mouth.
"...Hn? This is surprisingly..."
Although there was still a bit of bitterness, it was properly made deliciously.
Compared to the coal she had been mass-producing, she had improved considerably.
(...She basically is a very hard working person, isn't she?)
Her eccentrics that went with her mood was her weakness, but as she was an honour student, she was fast at apprehending things.
If she was serious, her cooking should also certainly conspicuously improve.
"—Kamito!?"
Suddenly, the room's door opened.
The one who came in, was Claire holding crumpled bandages with both hands.
"Y-You, what are you doing!"
"Nm? The chocolate you gave me was made pretty well. You've worked hard."
"Eh?"
Kamito frankly praised—
Claire's face immediately reddened.
"I-Isn't that obvious? I-I've practised a lot after all... Eh, that's not the point. W-Why are you awake? Your body still isn't in a condition to walk, right?!"
"Ah, no, just walking isn't a problem, look... Ouch!"
Just by slightly moving his arm, pain ran through the side of his abdomen.
"...Haaa. You really are a fool, your wound opened again, didn't it? Come on, sit there. I'll put new bandages on you."
"Ahhh, sorry..."
Being softly pressed on his shoulders by Claire, Kamito was made to sit on the bed.
Under the gentle treatment from Claire that was different from usual, Kamito's heart ended up beating quickly.
"...Geez, you're a fool."
While Claire wrapped the bandages unskillfully—
She told Kamito what happened after he fainted.
The two, who reached out to the Cursed Armament Seals, were found unconscious in the forest.
It seemed like they were arrested immediately after the arrival of the Knights and were moved to the capital. Laying their hands on the Cursed Armament Seals did not mean that it ended with just breaking the academy rules. They would end up being charged for their crimes by the council that judged elementalists.
The actions by Velsaria, who got the general public involved, did not cause any deaths, and in addition, as a result of suppressing the casualties in the town to the minimum, she seemed to have ended up not being charged.
The one who issued the ruling was Greyworth, however— this judgement was probably pushed back to just before the Blade Dance and it —without a doubt— involved the speculation of the congress of the Ordesia Empire that there was no way they could punish the academy's strongest candidate.
After Ellis helped Claire move Kamito, she seemed to have stayed confined in her room.
It might be that she felt responsible as the Captain for the fact that she couldn't protect the town from destruction and that she couldn't prevent students from getting involved with the Cursed Armament Seals.
"... How long did I sleep?"
"For almost a day. The Valentia Holy Festival ended a long time ago."
"Is that so..."
Kamito glanced at the clock hanging on the wall.
Since last night, more than half a day had already passed.
"Claire, I'm sorry for being late."
Kamito handed over the small box, which he took out of his uniform a while ago, to Claire.
"What?"
"Ah... Err, this is your present... For your birthday. Although it's already over."
"...!?"
Claire widely opened her ruby eyes.
"No way, why...?"
"Rinslet told me. Well, for an ojou-sama of a noble, this may not be something of high value."
"..."
Receiving the box, Claire untied the ribbon with fidgety hands.
Inside the box, a cat-shaped silver pendant was perfectly placed.
"T-This, isn't this what I wanted...?"
"Weren't you continuously looking at it that time?"
"U-Uh, but..."
Claire gently and preciously took out the pendant.
"This should be expensive. You aren't even a noble, how did—"
"I asked a big favour from Ellis, and got an advance on the remuneration from the Knights."
"...S-So... It was like that."
Claire tightly clasped the pendant, while she looked at Kamito with her eyes glancing upwards—
"...Th-Thank you, Kamito"
And said that shyly.
Kamito's heart spontaneously beat faster at her expression that she usually didn't even show.
(...T-This person, making such a face is criminally cute—)
He had been thinking that he would hear something like—"You're sensible for a slave at best".
He did not think she would express her gratitude that frankly.
"Sorry, Kamito... Err, I was at fault."
"Mn?"
With another unbelievable line emerging, Kamito doubted his ears.
"I-I'm saying that I was at fault... Err, for getting angry and chasing you out. You joined the Knights for the sake of earning money to gift me this?"
"Ah, no, that's—"
Just when he was about to say it, Kamito closed his mouth.
Although it wasn't entirely like that— it seemed better to remain silent at this point.
"Despite that I didn't even listen to your explanation and willfully got angry... Sorry."
Her red twin tails drooped down.
"No, I'm at fault, my words were insufficient at that time. Sorry."
"Kamito..."
"—Hey, are you people done?"
There was the sound of a cough.
"...!?"
The two turned away in a fluster.
"Fianna, since when were you here!?"
"From when Kamito-kun pressed on coercively, saying 'It's time for you to become more frank, even though you always say you hate it— the truth is you want to be messed up by me, right?'"
"Don't fabricate an impossible fact!"
"Y-Yeah! T-To be messed up... T-That's not allowed!"
Claire turned steamily bright-red and got angry.
"Hoho, I'm joking. Really Claire, what are you getting red for, I wonder?"
"W-Wh-What did you come here for, Ero-Queen?!"
"As our opponent for the match tomorrow has already been declared, I came here to tell you that!"
"Our opponent for the match?"
"Yeah, our opponent is the first-ranking —Velsaria Eva's— team~"
"...!"
Claire's expression became sharp.
"...The Silent Fortress', huh?"
As long as they kept on winning through, she was an opponent they would have to face one day.
Claire should have been prepared for this.
However, the power that eradicated two mighty high level spirits in an instant was—
"—No problem."
Kamito picked up the elemental waffe sword that was leaned on the side of the bed.
"I will defeat Velsaria. I have to make her open her eyes with my hands."
"W-What are you saying!"
Claire sharply glared at Kamito.
"With that kind of injury, there's no way you can participate in the match tomorrow?"
"She isn't an opponent you two can win against."
"T-Things will work out. Putting Velsaria herself aside, the others have not yet matured as a team. As they were just head-hunted from the Knights, their training in coordination have also not yet been sufficiently—"
"That Silent Fortress isn't such an easy opponent."
"That's..."
Claire had a impulsive personality, however, as an elementalist, she was endowed with calm eyes for battles.
Just with that, she wouldn't mistake the strength difference between Velsaria and her.
The strength of Claire, who uses Scarlet, towered above the rest of the elementary students but, even with that, she wasn't an opponent she could win against.
Former princess maiden of the «Divine Ritual Institute» Fianna was an expert at ritual dances but it did not change the fact that she's a novice at battles. Her Georgios was certainly strong but considering the fact that it could not be released as an elemental waffe, its options for battles were limited at any rate.
Besides, in order to attack the floating fortress, a spirit that could make powerful long-range attacks was necessary.
The thing that would be dealing with the anti-air battle in Team Scarlet would currently be only Claire's spirit magic. However, it would be impossible for ordinary spirit magic to break that armor.
"But, if I were to be an attacker, we could somehow hold for five minutes—"
Onto Kamito who was about to get out of bed—
*Mugyuu*
"Yeah yeah, no matter how sturdy Kamito-kun's body is, participating in tomorrow's match is absolutely a no-go."
Fianna pressed the cleavage of her soft breasts.
Claire angrily glared at Kamito, whose face turned red from the comfortable feeling of elasticity.
"That's right, an injured person like you would just become a burden."
"..."
It was vexing but he couldn't make a rebuttal.
Indeed, even if Kamito, who was seriously injured, participated, he would just end up being a hindrance.
"Then... is Team Scarlet forfeiting?"
"That's—"
Kamito, who asked, understood it. That option was not possible.
Once one forfeited a match, one's ranking would significantly drop as a penalty.
Even without that, if they don't defeat the first ranking team here, the possibility of sixth-ranking Team Scarlet to enter the top participating three within the next two weeks would almost disappear.
"..."
A heavy atmosphere filled the room, and at that moment—
"Fuu, I hear what you're saying!"
An elegant voice came from outside the room.
The one coming in with her platinum-blonde hair swaying was Rinslet.
Carol the maid was courteously standing behind her..
"Rinslet, what are you doing entering my room as you please!?"
"Everyone, it seems like my power is needed."
Ignoring Claire who complained, Rinslet boldly walked.
She stopped in front of Kamito, who was sitting on the bed, and brushed up her hair.
"As long as it is me, I'll see that the fortress lady falls to the ground."
"Milady is saying that she wishes to join Claire-sama's team."
Carol simultaneously translated what Rinslet's words meant.
"Is that right, Rinslet?"
"...N-No! I just..."
Rinslet asked for Carol's help in a fluster.
"Fufu, milady, you're really not honest."
Placing her hands near her mouth, Carol giggled.
"—Rinslet!"
Suddenly, Kamito stood up and grasped her shoulders.
Her slender shoulders started trembling.
"Hyan! W-what are you doing! Grabbing a lady's shoulders so violently!"
She protested with a shrilling voice. However, Kamito did not let go.
"..."
"Ah, wha..."
With Kamito staring at her, Rinslet quickly quieted down.
Her face turned bright red as she pinched the edge of her skirt..
"S-Stop...Err If you look at me in such a way, I-I'll end up feeling strange."
"K-Kamito, what are you doing!?"
"Kamito-kun, no matter the circumstances, you're overly lacking in distinction."
Ignoring Claire and Fianna, who raised their voices—
"Please, Rinslet. Join our team."
"Eh?"
Rinslet was astonished. Claire also was staring in wonder.
Rinslet's elemental waffe «Freezing Arrow» was a long range attack elemental waffe. Especially as Kamito would be unable to enter tomorrow's match, they would want to include her into the team by all means.
Although, as Claire would belligerently ask, this ojou-sama would certainly put on her pride. So, that's why Kamito made a begging appearance.
Rinslet—
"A-Alright..."
Like a bride that was proposed to, she docilely nodded.
"I-If Kamito-san says so..."
Blushing, she twirled the tips of her hair with her fingertip.
"Isn't this fine, Claire?"
Kamito gently let his hands go from Rinslet's shoulders and turned around.
Claire sighed, saying "It can't be helped".
"Certainly, if we cared about its appearance, we can't win against that «Silent Fortress». At any rate, we would need ranged support, and its strength is so-so."
"W-Wait, please don't misunderstand. I offered to join your team because Kamito-san requested it."
Carol pacified Rinslet, who flew into a rage.
In any case, this meant that they now ended up being able to make long distance attacks from the ground.
(...If I add myself in as an attacker, our balance would become good.)
Claire seemed to have thought of the same thing as Kamito.
"All we're left with is one more person, we'll need someone with the power of an attacker though..."
She mumbled with a serious look.
Just then, there was the sound of knocking from the door.
"...?"
Everyone looked at each other... Having visitors come to this room was unusual.
Claire walked over and opened the door.
The ones outside the door— were two unexpected people.
"Y-You two!?"
While Claire held onto the door knob, she widened her eyes.
"Claire Rouge, we have a request for you..."
"...Although we know that something like this isn't the courtesy of making a request."
They were Ellis' teammates who should be recuperating at the academy's medical institution.
They were Rakka and Reishia from the Sylphid Knights.
In a dark room with all its curtains closed—
Ellis was cowering in her bed with a face that lacked aspiration.
What she was absent-mindedly staring at was a spirit crystal sealed with memories.
There was the figure of Velsaria that Ellis idealized when she was young.
She also didn't go for the Knights meeting this morning. This was, of course, her first time.
What she was wearing wasn't the academy uniform, but pajamas with polka-dots.
Without even tying her ponytail, her long hair spread out radially on her bed..
(—You are not a knight.)
Velsaria's words were revived in her head.
(It may be just as what Aneue said...)
Amidst the darkness, Ellis had firmly grasped her bed sheet.
(...While I've said that that's not it, in the end, I couldn't protect anything.)
The townsfolk who were enjoying the festival.
The students that ended up involved with the Cursed Armament Seal.
In addition— even her precious comrades from the Knights.
Even Kamito, who came to assist the Knights out of good will, had sustained serious injuries.
(It's all my responsibility. If I had gotten more of my act together, this would—)
It was also natural that the upperclassmen responded to Velsaria's invitation and left the Knights.
There would be no one who would follow a powerless captain only speaking of ideals.
"...I...am not qualified to call myself a knight—"
"That's right, in your current state, you are not qualified to be called a knight, Ellis."
"...!"
Ellis threw up her blanket in shock.
"Claire Rouge?"
"Sorry, but I melted your keyhole."
As Claire said that, she was entering the room without any discretion.
"W-Why are you here, and what do you mean that I don't have the qualifications of a knight!?"
"Heh~ You still have the spirit to get angry after an insult. I feel at ease now."
As Claire walked to the side of the bed, she placed her hands on her hips and looked down at Ellis.
Normally, Ellis would have gallantly stared back, but—
Now, she averted her eyes like she was being overwhelmed.
"...H-Has Kamito awakened yet?"
"Yeah, he even said some reckless things like participating in tomorrow's match."
"What—? Don't tell me, with that kind of injury?"
"That's right. Furthermore, our opponent is the Academy's strongest «Silent Fortress»."
"That's crazy, what are you all thinking!?"
Ellis stood up to grab Claire.
"Do you still not understand Aneue's strength?"
"Ah, she is certainly a powerful elementalist— but it doesn't mean she's invincible."
"What?"
Ellis frowned.
Velsaria Eva Fahrengart was the strongest in the Academy.
This was a fact everyone knew of.
"Three years ago, Ren Ashbell defeated her."
"That's— She is the strongest blade dancer. That comparison is just too different."
"True. But, we have the goal of defeating that Ren Ashbell."
"Wha—?"
Towards those words that Ellis had never imagined of— she was at a loss for words.
(...Defeat Ren Ashbell!?)
"How is that possible—?"
"It is possible. I mean I'll do it~"
"..."
Claire's eyes were serious.
She was seriously thinking of defeating the strongest blade dancer.
"I will win through the Blade Dance. Then, I will definitely get my «wish» granted. Whether if it is the Silent Fortress or the strongest blade dancer, anyone who gets in my way shall just be brought down."
Glaring straight ahead were her pupils harbouring calm flames.
Small anxieties were inside Ellis' heart.
"I-I..."
"Ellis, did you plan on entering the Blade Dance with such resolution?"
Claire seized Ellis' collar.
"Is your ideal of a knight that you're aiming to be something of this level?"
"—No!"
Ellis got startled and pushed Claire's hands away.
"I am... I am a prided knight of the Fahrengart!"
*Boom!*
Violent winds blew about in the room.
The bed sheet was blown away, and the small items on the desk and furnishings were dancing in mid-air.
The curtains were ripped apart, and bright light suddenly shone into the dark room.
"..."
After the storm eased down—
"It looks like your winds are still blowing."
Claire suddenly smiled.
Then, she thrust her finger towards Ellis.
With her other hand on her hips—
"Ellis, join our team!"
"...W-What?"
Ellis was dumbfound and asked back.
"Me... Team Scarlet?"
"Correct. If you join, we can win— against that Silent Fortress."
Claire nodded with a serious expression.
However, Ellis firmly shook her head.
"Sorry, that's an unreasonable talk. I already have companions to fight with—"
"—Captain!"
"?"
Ellis turned around towards the voice she had heard from outside the room.—
"Y-You two!?"
The ones over there were a lively-looking girl with short hair and a similar-looking girl with braided hair.
They were her teammates Rakka and Reishia.
"...You slipped out from the medical centre?"
They should be having complete rest.
They shouldn't be allowed to be out at such a place.
"Why...?"
"We are, erm, hoping that Captain would partake in the Blade Dance."
Rekka said while painfully coughing.
Reishia nodded.
"We decided it ourselves. We already knew that we wouldn't be able to return to the academy before the Blade Dance... So—"
"You're... disbanding... the party?"
Having a stunned expression, Ellis looked at her two teammates.
"..."
"N-No, I will not allow that!"
"Captain, we're—"
"We had promised! To participate in the Blade Dance together!"
Ellis shouted like a child throwing a tantrum .
"We aren't able to. So—"
"But we really wanted to fight together... So, we'll like to entrust our wish to you, captain."
"Rekka, Reishia..."
"Please, fight for us too."
"I want to see Captain's blade dance. A blade dance, like a gale, that blows everything."
"..."
Ellis—
Firmly bit her lips and clenched her fist.
Both sides refused to give up— Their glaring gazes ran into each other.
The one who sighed first was Ellis.
"...I understand. You two win."
"Captain!"
The two girls let out a lively scream.
"—Claire Rouge."
Ellis calmly turned towards Claire.
It wasn't the lifeless face from just now.
It was the face of a gallant knight.
"I, Ellis Fahrengart, request to join Team Scarlet."
"Welcome, Ellis~"
Claire smiled and stretched out her right hand.
Ellis grabbed that hand in return.
"I'll prove to that person my way of a knight."
The strongest blade dancer— Ren Ashbell.
Three years ago, since the day she crossed her blade with hers, Velsaria's life changed.
On that day, she received a great shock.
Before that day, Velsaria had taken pride in being the strongest knight.
It wasn't like she was making light of the girl, who appeared before her eyes, for being a title-less newcomer two years younger than her.
No matter who it was, as long as they faced her, she would wield her full strength and strike them down.
That was her belief as a Knight.
She fought with all her strength— And then, she was defeated.
However, what grew in her heart at that time was not hatred.
It was more like a sense of veneration towards her.
It was something trivial; she too was, like Ellis and the other girls, fascinated by Ren Ashbell's blade dance.
So, what she received a shock from was not the defeat.
It was the eyes that the strongest girl faced at her, the loser.
What was reflected in the girl's jet-black pupils—
Was not hostility, not pity, not contempt— There wasn't even any emotions.
Velsaria was not even reflected in the girl's eyes.
...It was unforgivable. There was no way she could could accept that.
She would defeat that strongest girl and make her acknowledge her existence.
This was probably— in a sense, an emotion that was comparable to love.
(...Soon, I can fight her again in the Blade Dance.)
Any other things were irrelevant.
(Even if my mind and flesh are consumed by this «heart»—)
Late at night. Deep inside the «Spirit Forest»—
Loitering alone in the darkness, Velsaria had been suppressing her feelings of haughtiness.
At this moment, the bushes behind her moved slightly.
"—Is that you, witch!"
"Ha, as expected of you, you were able to detect my presence~"
There was the voluptuous sound of laughter heard within the forest.
The one who appeared was —the Cursed Armament maker— Vivian Melosa.
"You did well yesterday, because of you I got good data~"
"I knew it, it was you who implanted those Cursed Armament Seals on them."
Velsaria emitted a fierce murderous aura. Leaves of the trees swayed like they were astir.
"Yes, but, they broke immediately. Even for the famous Areshia Spirit Academy, I can't seem to come across a fine specimen like yourself!"
"Disappear. I told you to never appear in front of me again."
"Wah, you're pretty cold. I just came here to check out the corrosion rate of the «heart»."
"I have no intentions to assist your research. The «heart» is being fully controlled."
Vivian Melosa laughed out loud.
"Please stop acting tough. For a Cursed Armament Seal engraved on a heart— the only one who could control such a thing is possibly the Dusk Witch. If you just leave it like that, you will die in a few years~"
"Not a problem. As long as I live till the Blade Dance two weeks later, it is enough."
"That troubles me. You are actually a specimen I took a liking to—"
In an instant, Velsaria turned towards Vivian Melosa and released her elemental waffe.
A lump of compressed divine power blew apart the trees in the forest and gouged out the space before her.
After the dust had settled, there was no one there. There was only the dense darkness.
"...That damned witch."
Facing the empty space, Velsaria bitterly groaned.
*Thump*—, the «heart» ached.

Note: Pending TLC, other than that, you're not missing too much, I think...
It was the day of the team battle.
The members of Team Scarlet gathered before the «Stone Circle».
It was a «Gate» for accessing Astral Zero that only a few places had, even in the Ordesia Empire.
Countless students had already entered the spectators' stands surrounding the grand arena.
This was a fight between the academy's strongest Blade Dancer Velsaria and Team Scarlet, that had rapidly risen to 6th place, so of course this match was deemed important.
With the newest technology by countless research groups provided to the Areishia Spirit Academy, it was now possible to view the blade dances occurring inside of Astral Zero.
Within the stands before the screen, in addition to the large number of students, there were also members of the Sylphid Knights.
And at the front of Team Scarlet, were Kamito and Ellis.
Through Fianna's healing power, Kamito was finally able to recover to the point where he could move around again.
But the injuries he sustained were deeper than he imagined, and it was still very difficult for him to hold a sword.
Glancing at her teammates, Claire began to outline their tactics.
"Ellis, I'll leave the front to you. After all, you're the strongest in melee combat."
"Leave it to me. I'll create an opening through Aneue's elemental waffe."
With a stern, valiant, and courageous expression Ellis declared her resolve.
"My task is to defeat the «Silent Fortress» right!?"
"And I am to defend and support you through my rituals."
Rinslet and Fianna respectively accepted their own task.
Claire, who was the most balanced of all, was in charge of relaying orders to the 3 people who were respectively in charge of attacking, supporting, and defending.
Claire strongly believed that even if the power of an individual could not defeat Velsaria, if they worked as a team, their combined powers should be able to overwhelm her.
Even though the squadmates Velsaria chose were the strongest seniors in the Sylphid Knights, they were just a group of random people.
Without proper team combat training, it seemed Velsaria couldn't even organize their strategy as their commander.
"With our team, it is possible—"
Claire strongly grasped her pendant.
At this time, the crowd was split between Team Scarlet and Velsaria, and the cheering could be heard from the stands.
Velsaria Eva with her snow white coat walked out.
Following her were the ex-Sylphid Knights that defected.
Arriving in front of Claire, Velsaria stood.
Her cold ice blue pupils were glaring at Ellis.
"Ellis, I thought you were smarter than this."
Ellis immediately raised her head, and stared firmly at Velsaria.
She could not lose, for the sake of her teammates who gave her a chance to join the Blade Dance festival.
For her trust in her fellow Sylphid Knights.
And finally, for her idol that was once the strongest in her heart, the knight that was standing right in front of her.
"I will prove to you my way of the Knights— and I shall start by defeating my dream which was once you."
"Stupid. So be it, I shall crush you."
—And finally, the bell rang signaling the start of the festival.
At the same time, The Stone Ring— a relic from an age of myths started to spin, and opened the door to Astral Zero.
The place where Team Scarlet was sent to was an open forest.
Because of the surrounding trees that were blocking their vision, it would be quite difficult to find the opposing team.
After quickly confirming the 3 people that were also transported—
"—Go, Scarlet!"
Claire swung her whip down, and summoned her flame clad hell cat.
The other 3 also quickly summoned their spirits.
"Ellis and I shall be in charge of scouting. Fianna, the surroundings around our base are yours."
Claire quickly gave orders but—
"—There is no need for that, Claire Rouge."
"...!?"
After hearing that voice— Everyone in Team Scarlet froze.
Raising their heads, there was—
A giant fortress floating in the sky.
Equipping her elemental waffe— "Silent Fortress", Velsaria appeared.
"Velsaria!? You're alone!?"
Claire screamed in surprise.
"I do not need people that are in the way. Your only opponent is just me alone."
"—She's coming!"
Rinslet screeched out.
At that exact moment, the layered composite armor that covered the fortress started moving and countless cannons appeared out of it.
Like an Emperor overlooking the ground, Velsaria waved her hand.
"—Disappear before my fortress spirit!"
Countless cannons fired.
Accompanying the giant shockwave on the earth, a rain of bombardment fired upon the ground.
The continuous artillery shelling struck the ground, rolling up a lot of dust.
Overwhelming power. That is the destruction from the strongest elemental waffe.
"Boring. Trash would still be trash—"
In an instant, the lush green forest turned into a barren wasteland with craters.
After the dust had settled, there was—
"What?"
Velsaria's expression froze.
A blonde girl holding an ice bow standing with a smile.
"You managed to strike down the bombardment—"
Rinslet proudly brushed her hair.
"Ha, I will never allow anyone who can equip their elemental waffe faster than me~"
"...! Preposterous—"
Velsaria then immediately unfolded the composite armor and blocked the ice arrows—
"It's not over yet!"
Without a single pause, Rinslet immediately released more arrows.
The ice sliced through the air and flew over— all the 4 arrows hit!
However, with only that degree of power, it was unable to strike through the fortress spirit's armor.
"Foolish. Before my «Silent Fortress», arrows of your level are nothing to me—"
"You sure?"
"What—"
When the cannons were preparing to fire once again—
Velsaria finally realized. Rinslet's goal was not to deal any damage to the armor.
The elemental waffe «Freezing Arrow» of the high level spirit Fenrir had an additional effect— ice-nine.
Because it was ice that could never melt, the ultimate composite armor had now been frozen.
"It is just as you predicted, Claire~"
"Yes, even though Dreadnought's physical resistance was of the highest class, it has a very low resistance against spells— Thus your high level spirit Fenrir's elemental waffe can definitely break through it.
"...!"
Velsaria became slightly worried.
Right then her fortress spirit could not switch back to the cannon mode. Also, because of the ice on the surface, the mobility was reduced— a bad situation.
"Ellis, it's time to fight back!"
"Ahh!"
Claire and Ellis sang their summoning ritual.
And at the time when the fortress could not evade they—
"—Devour, oh crimson searing fireball!"
"—Wind, turn into a blade that cuts through everything!"
Dodging was impossible. In an instant, a shock wave shook the air.
"Success...!"
Even with layers over layers of composite armor protecting, it was still impossible to come out undamaged from direct attacks.
Although...
"—So you are only at that level, Calamity Queen's younger sister."
"Wha—?"
The ground shook again.
With the wind, the sand blew at Claire's body.
In the middle of the crater that was seemly caused by a meteor—
The «Silent Fortress» stood there ominously.
"...!?"
"Causing me to fall down, unworthy of praise."
Through the shock wave caused by the fall, the ice that was on the armor shattered.
"But, this is the end. My fortress spirit is a ground spirit— I will become indomitable on the ground."
As soon as she declared that— from the «Silent Fortress»'s side, there came 2 giant robotic arms.
The blades coming from the arms swept and cut down the nearby trees—
Such an overwhelming power. But that movement had a lot of openings.
Ellis swung her elemental waffe— «Ray Hawk».
The wind from the head flew towards Velsaria.
But then, «Silent Fortress» disappeared.
"...!?"
And suddenly, Velsaria immediately appeared in front of Ellis.
As if she was sliding, her mobility was totally different from when she was flying.
"—Ellis!"
Claire released her Flame Whip and swiftly caught the fortress spirit's hand.
The strike was slowed down— but that was it.
That strength was overwhelmingly strong.
"Leave it to me!"
The one blocking the strike was a knight with a shield.
Fianna's knight spirit «Georgios»
The friction between the iron boots and the ground propelled the knight and it caught the fortress spirit with its body.
*BAMM*. But even the knight spirit which has a really strong defense could not handle the full force of the fortress spirit. The armor started to twist and the shield cracked—
"...Tolerate it, Georgios!"
Fianna cried in pain.
"The lost blade dancer— I thought you were smarter."
"True— B-But, I also kind of like my idiot self~"
Velsaria proceeded to swing her robotic arm down without mercy.
"I will not allow that!"
"...!"
Immediately, Claire jumped towards the attacking arm.
The blade arm was struggling with the fire whip. Just then, Velsaria fell into their plan— that fire whip was not supposed to stop the movement, but to get close.
(—At this distance it would not be blocked by the armor!)
Claire then revealed one of her specialties, which was high speed casting.
Towards Velsaria who was shocked, Claire released her strongest spell.
"Dance, oh crimson flame that calls upon destruction— Hell Blaze!"
Inside the whirlpool of crimson flame, Velsaria was burned all over her body.
"...Ah!"
It was the first time she released a cry of pain.
"Damn, flies—"
As the arm was returning and was going to attack Claire—
"Aneue, realize the truth!"
*Hon*— An amazing gale blew from above.
Surrounded by wind and swiftly attacking from above; a skill Ellis specialized in.
With her elemental waffe «Ray Hawk», it pierced through Velsaria's chest.
"G-Gah..."
Then—
"—O wind, blow wildly!"
And with the release of the spell—
A giant chaotic tornado blew away the «Silent Fortress» and Velsaria's body,
*Bang*— The wind stopped and it hit the ground.
"Hah, Hah—"
Through the attack that burned through all her energy, Ellis immediately sat down.
Claire also breathed a sigh of relief and licked her lips.
"You are too proud, Velsaria. You foolishly came out by yourself—"
"The one who's foolish is you, Claire Rouge"
"Huh—"
Looking at the dust that was starting to settle—
A giant shadow was moving.
"For a truly strong person, a person without any more strength is just a thing in the way."
Once the sand settled, the «Silent Fortress» appeared once again.
Just like a wall, the composite armor did not have a single trace of damage.
"Disappear—"
The armor instantly released— countless cannons all fired at once.
Kamito strongly grasped his fist, and looked towards the monitor.
Claire's movement, it looked more like trying to fight a giant beast than a blade dance.
Even if it was unimaginable— This fight was going to be very close.
But looking at Velsaria again, it seemed like she was filled with vigor once again.
To maintain that type of spirit, you are supposed to use up a lot of Divine power—
"..."
Through the giant monitor, Ellis was bravely standing against Velsaria.
(Heh, she can still stand up...)
Seems like leaving it to Claire was a right choice. With Kamito, even if he can relieve her, he can't give her the courage to stand again.
The strength of a party, is not just shown in a fight.
To be able to let a comrade stand again after losing all hope— that also shows the power of a party.
(No matter what, she is a great leader~)
Observing the intense fight and giving calm orders was Claire's job.
Correctly analyzing each person's strength and coordinating them can bring the power of a party to a new level.
To be able to make different people specializing in different things cooperate, he believed normal people would not have been able to do that.
(Maybe, she might have stronger leadership skills than her sister)
Kamito surprisingly thought.
(But, that Velsaria is overwhelmingly strong.)
(Doesn't matter if it is because of the contracted spirit or her determination that made her stronger, compared to her 3 years ago—)
"Kamito, what's the matter?"
Est worriedly looked towards Kamito.
"Haha, there's no problem."
Kamito lightly patted Est's silver hair.
(—I believe this fight will become more intense.)
And at the same time the cannons lit up—
"—Freezing Arrows!"
Rinslet also released her elemental waffe.
As a diamond flying in thin air, the ice was broken when it was hit.
"...! Is that fortress girl's divine power unlimited!?"
Rinslet started to sweat.
Comparing by power, the «Freezing Arrow» immediately topped it, but when they are continuously fired, Velsaria's elemental waffe had an overwhelming advantage.
—(We can't proceed this way, we will lose.)
"..., My knight spirit is also at its limit."
Fianna breathed heavily.
The shield which was always resisting the cannons, also had multiple cracks.
And through the sudden attack, Claire and Ellis also could not get closer.
In front of the undamaged fortress, Team Scarlet's actions had been sealed shut.
That way, they could only patiently wait till Velsaria's divine power is emptied— But the knight spirit that was protecting them could not hold out for even 10 more seconds.
"So, we still can't defeat Aneue—"
Ellis regrettably bit her lips.
"You sure are different, are you already showing weakness at this time?"
"B-But—"
Ellis looked at her side and stared at Claire.
"Didn't you already make a promise with those two people?"
"...Ha ha, that is true."
Ellis slowly lifted her head up.
(That's true— I cannot be defeated here.)
(I already have made a promise with Rakka and Reishia.)
(And, I also made a vow to show Velsaria my way of the Knights.)
(Escaping is not an option.)
"But, what should we do? With the barrage, we can't even get close."
"...I still have a secret weapon. I'll make the chance."
"Is it possible?"
"I don't know. But, this is the only way left."
Claire who was looking forward spoke,
"—Mm. True."
Ellis also nodded.
"Claire! I can't hold any more!"
Fianna's scream was filled with pain.
The knight spirit who was blocking the barrage also finally knelt down.
With the merciless barrage, it turned back into light orbs and disappeared.
At that moment, Claire started to run.
When all the cannons were focused on the knight spirit, there was a single opening— the chance was then.
At the same time, Ellis also started to run in the opposite direction.
Velsaria made an instant choice and decided to hit Claire first.
Aiming at the captain was a reasonable choice. But, Claire had already anticipated that.
"—Scarlet!"
With the scream, the elemental waffe turned back into its cat form.
It ran through the rain of barrage, and slowly approached Velsaria.
"Futile!"
Velsaria who roared, used the attacking arm and struck the hell cat.
Next, the cannon focused on Scarlet— Though noticing Claire's approach, Velsaria realized without her elemental waffe, she would not cause any threat.
Claire who approached then put her hand on the armor of the fortress spirit.
Then— released a spirit magic.
"Thou's ice heart, aware of my anger and lament— Blood Aria!"
That magic made whatever the palm touched vibrate in high frequency, and caused it to be overheated.
Because it could only be released through direct contact, it was a very difficult magic to use in battle.
"Idiot, you really think you can pierce through my fortress spirit's armor with magic?"
Velsaria said in an icy tone.
Because of the attacking arm, Claire's small body hit the ground with a strong impact.
The next moment—
"—Freezing Arrow!"
Rinslet released her ice arrows, and it pierced through the fortress spirit's armor.
"Didn't I tell you— What!?"
*Plick*— the armor's surface cracked.
Velsaria opened her eyes in shock.
"Looks like... It is useful~"
Claire who was on the ground wiped her blood from her lips.
"Using the difference in temperature and causing destruction— T-That was your goal!?"
"Thats just a basic group strategy when you have a fire spirit and an ice spirit~"
That was Claire's secret weapon.
Even though the success rate was low, but they managed to finally find a weakness.
"...!"
*Plick* *Plick*— The cracks on the armor increased.
At this time—
"Ahhhhh!"
The gale that was surrounding Ellis released her «Ray Hawk».
With her destruction force, she charged with intense speed.
The lance broke the armor, and pierced through Velsaria's chest.
"...! Ellis!"
Ellis' brown eyes glared at Velsaria's icy blue eyes.
The strongest knight in the Academy started to show some weariness.
"—O wind, blow wildly!"
With the same stance the «Ray Hawk» charged in—
Ellis released her strongest wind out.
The chaotic gale crushed the weakened elemental waffe.
Velsaria, whose armor had been crushed flew in the air, painfully dropped down on the ground.
"Hah, Hah, Hah—"
Ellis limply knelt on the floor.
"...Did we... succeed...?"
Velsaria was currently on the floor.
Seemingly unconscious.
"I..."
"Huh?"
Nope, she did not lose her consciousness.
Velsaria started to shake violently.
"...I, ...Absolutely... Cannot lose..."
"...What?"
Claire raised her brow.
The scene before their eyes was unbelievable.
The elemental waffe which was supposed to be crushed—
"It's starting to morph into a different thing!"
"Aneue...?"
Ellis remained, not knowing what to do.
"—Ah—AHHHHHHHHHHHHH!"
Inside the forest of Astral Zero, echoed Velsaria's roar.
"What is that...!?"
Kamito yelled out.
The students who were looking through the monitor to watch the battle started to run for their lives.
Velsaria's elemental waffe was starting to take a very ominous form.
The body that was covered with pitch black armor, was just like a knight risen from the dead.
If the divine power was capable of being seen with one's naked eyes, it was surely not a good sight.
"That is a Cursed Armament Seal, Kamito."
"Huh?"
Kamito looked at the expressionless Est.
"Also, she is now going out of control. If it continues like this—"
"Velsaria, implanted a Cursed Armament Seal!?"
Kamito worriedly asked for confirmation.
(Why...?)
Why did the Academy's strongest blade dancer need to rely on those items?
(Velsaria, already has been forced into this situation...)
Kamito tightly grasped his left hand.
(Even if the reason is not clear, I do know that the fight 3 years ago really changed her.)
Through the monitor, the pitch black knight roared out.
Noticing the change, Velsaria's teammates hurriedly came out.
They were those 4 people that were once part of the Sylphid Knights. They were probably forced to not come out till now.
And to her teammates that hurriedly approached her—
The pitch black knight used its hand and struck them over.
Blood spurred out. The girls from the knights were slammed on the ground.
From the right shoulder to the chest, the girls suffered severe injuries.
"...!!?"
Kamito started to have a disgusted feeling.
From the injuries that were caused directly from a spirit, it proved that the spirit was slowly getting out of control.
The emergency bell rang— the match had been stopped.
But even then, Claire and the others did not want to retreat.
(N-No...!)
The black mist that was being sent out from the pitch black knight, like tentacles, trapped Claire and the others and caught their limbs. Even though Scarlet and Fenrir tried to bite through it, those two also got caught immediately.
(...Don't tell me, is she trying to drain power from Scarlet?)
Only Ellis stood up, wobbly.
Using her elemental waffe to blow off the nearby black mist, she was trying to protect Claire and the others.
Kamito though—
"—Est. I have a request."
Closely grasping Est's cute hands.
Even though Est had an expression that wanted to say something, when she looked at Kamito—
"—I am Kamito's sword. Everything is for you."
She seemingly gave up and nodded.
"But, please be careful. With your current body, and with my form as elemental waffe, you can probably only last for 10 seconds,"
"Ahh, that's enough, Est."
Kamito kindly patted her silver hair, and started to release his elemental waffe.
"Dispassionate Queen of Steel, the sacred sword that destroys evil— now form a sword of steel and be the power in my hand!"
Est's body slowly turned into light orbs and disappeared into thin air—
And in Kamito's hand, appeared a silver blade with shining lights.
"...D-Damn...!"
Ellis used her elemental waffe's lance, and slashed through the pitch black knight's mist.
Even with just a slight touch, your divine power could still be drained. Velsaria's teammates who had accidentally approached were already bound together and unconscious.
Fianna and Rinslet who almost used all their divine power also fainted on the floor. Even though Claire still managed to stay conscious—
"...Ellis, H-Hurry and escape to the door..."
"Don't joke around. I am a Sylphid Knight, my mission is to protect the students."
While talking to the fallen Claire, at the same time, she also released multiple gales towards Velsaria.
But, it could not even slightly damage the armor. Even if the form changed, it still seemed to be as durable as that fortress spirit.
The only thing that could manage to change the spirit into this ominous form—
There could be only one reason why.
"Why—? Why have you implanted a Cursed Armament Seal! Aneue!"
(I do not understand.)
(A person who I once thought to be perfect, why do you have to do such things?)
Towards Velsaria who could not hear anything, Ellis struck again with her swift speed.
Because of the anger that increased the power of the gale, it pierced through the armor—
"—O wind, blow wildly!"
But, the elemental waffe lance only maintained its form inside the armor without any movement.
(...I cannot generate any more wind!?)
From the crack of the armor came the black mist— the divine power of Velsaria, followed the lance up into Ellis' arm, and started to drain her power.
Velsaria used her arms, and slowly picked up her body by her neck.
"Ellis!"
Claire screamed out.
(...Is this the end? I...)
(...My consciousness is slowly fading away. Darkness is slowly enveloping me.)
(...I didn't get to protect anyone. Not even my comrades, not even Aneue.)
"Kamito, sorry... I—"
At that moment. A sword immediately flashed through the air.
"...!?"
Next moment, Ellis' body was in the air.
From behind, a hand appeared and hugged her tightly.
Slowly, she opened her eyes.
"Wha—?"
In front of her eyes, the one that appeared was Kazahaya Kamito.
Ellis right now was being princess craddled in the air.
"...Kamito?"
"—Ellis, thanks for protecting my comrades~"
Kamito smiled and dropped to the ground, and semi-regrettably let Ellis down.
...Unable to understand the current situation, Ellis blinked blankly.
Kamito then looked towards Velsaria's direction, and grasped his elemental waffe sword.
"—I will not allow you to touch my comrades!"
From under his bandages, surged a huge intense burning sensation.
(...Tch, the injury opened again...)
Tightly clenching his teeth to contain his cry of pain, Kamito cursed in his heart.
Even though I said something cool, I still have a giant hole in my stomach.
Not just blade dancing, it's already really difficult just standing.
"I knew it, using the Demon Slayer Sacred Sword in this condition is really tiring~"
He smiled wryly.
"Y-Y-Y-Y-You Idiot!"
Claire's whip made snapping sounds.
"Ouch!"
Kamito yelled in pain.
*Gogogogogogo...!*
Turning his head back, there was Clare holding her whip with her arms crossed.
(...Scary. Its like her head has 2 horns...)
"W-What are you doing! Treat people with injuries better!"
Kamito glared at her with his teary eyes.
"Then why are people with injuries running here!?"
Her red twin tails angrily stood up.
Kamito sighed, and placed his hand on Claire's head.
"Rushing towards here when my comrades are in danger, isn't that normal?"
"...Hah, y-you sure are an idiot."
Claire looked to one side trying to hide her blushing face.
"Kamito, w-with your injuries..."
Ellis spoke with high concern.
Kamito once again turned himself around, and kindly placed his hand on her shoulders.
"Ellis, you worked hard and did well. You are already an excellent knight."
"Kamito..."
Ellis' eyes showed happiness.
At that moment—
"...Oh... Ohhh ahhhhh..."
"...!?"
Those 3 immediately turned towards the source of the noise.
The black knight who had lost one of its arms yelled out in pain.
With that form, it was just like a body being possessed by a lost spirit.
"Velsaria..."
Kamito wobbly walked over and held tightly onto Terminus Est.
With his current condition, he could only maintain Est's elemental waffe form for only about 10 seconds.
"Kamito, are you seriously going to fight this thing!?"
"Ah, after all, she is the one I have to defeat by my own hand."
"Kamito, what are you say—"
Kamito grasped his sword, and stared at Velsaria.
"...Ren... Ashbel... l..."
"Velsaria, do you really want to fight against 'her'?"
Although he never expected an answer, Kamito still asked.
"...Ohhh... Oh..."
The only reply that he got, was the roar filled with chaos from its throat.
"Then, before the strongest blade dancer, I shall be your opponent!"
As he declared— Kamito started to charge forward.
At the same time, Velsaria who had lost one of her arms also started to charge.
"Kamito!"
Ellis' voice slowly faded in the noise created by the sword fight.
"Ohhhh!"
Blocking Velsaria's assault, Kamito swung his sword.
The pitch black armor cracked open. With another strike, he smashed through it.
Sparks flew everywhere. At the same time, a pain like electricity shocked Kamito's body.
At the instant Kamito screamed in pain, the armored Velsaria grabbed Kamito's arms. But—
"Don't look down on my comrades!"
As if in reply to Kamito's scream, Terminus Est released a bright light.
A light that seems to purify, it blew away the mist which was Velsaria's divine power.
Following that, Kamito slashed towards the head of the pitch black armor. With that, he released another strike— the black knight was not able to keep up with the flashes and flashes of attacks.
"Strong...!"
Ellis exclaimed.
Looking at the blade dance, you could never tell that Kamito was heavily injured with his overwhelming strength.
"That's just, like..."
Whom Ellis Fahrengart envied, the strongest blade dancer.
As if seeing the same thing from 3 years ago—
"—Ahhhhhh!"
Velsaria screeched out a terrifying sound.
The air seemed like it was vibrating, smashing Kamito's body and blowing him away.
And then smashing him onto the ground heavily.
Crimson red blood started to stain the bandage on his chest while pain spread all over his body.
Terminus Est's light started to fade away, signaling that the fighting was almost near its end.
"..."
With the support of his hands, Kamito stood up.
Velsaria's ominous divine power then started to spread all over the ground like a mist,
(So the source of this mist is her heart...)
Kamito's extraordinary observing skills told him that conclusion.
While desperately tolerating the pain, Kamito re-grasped his blade and lit up his sword.
(With Terminus Est's anti-curse ability, I might be able to—)
At this time, like an obstacle, Velsaria's elemental waffe started to change once again.
The severed arm slowly morphed like clay, and changed into a giant lance.
No, rather than a lance— it looked more like a ram.
"...Looks like its time to determine the winner. Just what I wanted..."
"Kamito!"
Ellis slowly walked over to Kamito with her blade as a support stick.
"Ellis, I'm sorry."
"Kamito, that thing is dangerous."
"What do you mean?"
"My lancing skills were taught to me by Aneue."
"...I see."
Velsaria once again roared out a sound like it came from the ground.
"...Ren... Ash... bell!"
"...? Aneue actually mistook Kamito as Ren Ashbell?"
Ellis raised her eyebrows, in question.
Of course, the current Velsaria already lost all logic.
"It's time to see who wins. Ellis, please help me a little."
"...I understand."
Ellis nodded.
"Kamito, I beg of you, please save Aneue."
Kamito then proceeded to channel all of his remaining divine power to the sword in his hand.
The silver sword once again started to glow with all its might. Ellis also started to create gales of wind.
This strike was the strongest attack he could use with his current body.
(I can only bet everything on this.)
"Lets go, Velsaria Eva Fahrengart!"
"Ahhhhhhh!"
Velsaria charged while creating a trail of dust around her.
With Kamito's body becoming lighter through Ellis' wind,
With a violent gale behind his back pushing him, Kamito accelerated again.
With the instant clash, the area around them was immediately clouded by the flashing lights.
Just barely dodging Velsaria's attack—
The Demon Slayer Sacred Sword which was shinning with a bright white light, totally pierced Velsaria's armor and the 'heart'.
From the tip of the blade, the bright light started to overflow.
(Just like what happened— 3 years ago.)
"...Velsaria, you shall be saved by me."
With his blade in her chest, Kamito slowly whispered.
The pitch black armor shattered into powder, and Velsaria's beautiful face appeared once again.
"Ren Ashbell—"
Her sakura colored lips, slowly moved.
(So it is like this... Kazehaya Kamito, you are—)
In the moment she was pierced, she realized something.
The person in front of her, was the exact same person that pierced her chest 3 years ago.
"...I have been defeated once again..."
Velsaria smiled gently.
As if a heavy worry disappeared, she had a very stable expression.
But for some reason, she could not feel any remorse from that time.
This is because, Kazehaya Kamito's black eyes, were looking straight at her.
"...!?"
*Dub dub*— the Cursed Armament Seal started to beat once again.
With her face hot, Velsaria slightly moved her teary eyes away from Kamito.
"Velsaria, you are strong. But, that strength will one day snap like a sword."
"That is true... But, I only seek this power so you can acknowledge me— But it seems like it wasn't enough~"
"—You are wrong then."
"What?"
"You lost, but it is not because of insufficient strength. You only lost because you were alone. But I have my comrades, my friends I met in the Academy."
"..."
"That, is something even the me from 3 years ago— Ren Ashbell would not have."
Upon Velsaria's blushing face, comes a cool breeze.
(These are— Ellis' winds.)
At that last instant, it was that same wind that accelerated Kamito who was heavily injured.
That same wind that carried Ellis' thought and her belief as a knight.
"Ren Ashbell, I—"
With her smile and her beautiful golden hair swaying with the wind—
Velsaria Eva Fahrengart finally was defeated.
And— the beating 'heart' also ceased all movement.
"Arara, that 'heart' broke~ That was, after all, a rarely found piece of merchandise~"
At the forest not near the Academy—
Vivian Melosa unhappily bit her lips.
After all, she only came to watch the fight to gather more data.
"The direct implantation of Cursed Armament Seals on a 'heart' will still take a while until it can be used without any problems~"
Releasing a sigh, she turned off the final switch.
"But, that boy was pretty interesting. And since that Jio from the Kyōdouin was also taken away, I shall play with him the next time~"
"The students are not your toys, Vivian Melosa."
"...!?"
From that voice coming from nowhere, Vivian Melosa— felt a chill on her back.
"Is that you!? The Dusk Witch!?"
"Hmph, how nostalgic. My good-for-nothing student."
Greyworth Ciel Mais slowly walked out from the deep forest.
"...! Why—?"
"Executing such an action that attracted people's attention, everyone would have noticed. And yesterday after the 2 girls went out of control, we did a little research. We realized that the Cursed Armament Seals were the same as what you studied back when you were still a student. Looks like you still haven't improved from the past~"
Like a teacher lecturing a student, Greyworth kindly said.
"I still can't believe that you actually started to take action because of those negligible students—"
"Hmph, the last time I was sent here was a few years ago. For me to come back here to rule out the nasty pests, it seems like it is destiny."
Vivian Melosa immediately held her breath, and her body started to shake from fear.
"Next, for you to attack my important students, it is necessary for you to take some punishment~"
—At the same time, Greyworth's right hand started to glow and compress into a pitch black matter.
From this weird condition, the one that was appearing could not be a contracted spirit— it was a demon.
"Its been a long time since you had food, 'Earl', go ahead and enjoy yourself~"
Greyworth licked her devilish lips.
"Ah... Ahh... Ahhhhhh..."
Vivian Melosa cried out from her throat.
From being scared, it completely turned into a state of panic.
Looking at her trying to crawl away to escape—
"—Don't try to escape~ The punishment is necessary!"
"Heh, Ah, Ahhh..."
The pitch black did its final assault.
*Ka* *Crack* *Chouk* *Gulp*...
The sound of chewing echoed throughout the forest.
"Ara Ara. I still needed to handle the final situation, such an idiotic disciple~"
She then playfully touched her glasses, and slowly walked away.


Velsaria Eva's body was being ruined by the Cursed Armament Seal.
Although they could erase the Cursed Armament Seal engraved on her «Heart» with the power of the Demon SlayerDemon King Killing Sacred Sword —Terminus Est—, the curse, which had accumulated over several years and blasted out in one go, had destroyed her channel that ruled over the renewal of her divine power.
It was unknown how many years it would take for her to comeback as an elementalist.
Also, even if Cursed Armament Seal disappeared, it did not mean her crimes would disappear.
Ellis and Kamito sent off Velsaria, who was escorted by Spirit Knights to be transported to the capital, to the front of the academy gate.
Getting on the escort carriage, Velsaria had been making a peaceful expression.
Due to the fact that she implanted the Cursed Armament Seal, it might be that her mind had also been slightly ruined.
She was currently not a beautiful knight of ice, but she seemed somewhat like a normal girl.
"...Ellis, I am sorry."
Velsaria turned towards Ellis and lowered her head.
"Please raise your head, Aneue. I will always be waiting for you."
Velsaria nodded, and this time, she turned towards Kamito.
"I will leave my younger sister in your care. She is clumsy, but she is, surprisingly, cute sometimes."
"Ah, ah, I know."
"Ka-Kamito!? Aneue, what are you even saying?!"
With her face turning bright red, Ellis shouted.
"Ellis, I am looking forward to your efforts at the Blade Dance."
Patting Ellis lightly on the head, Velsaria got onto the carriage.
Kamito stood in line with Ellis and sent off the leaving carriage.
"—Kamito, thank you. You helped me save Aneue."
"The one who saved her was you, Ellis. Not me."
Kamito shook his head calmly.
"..."
Suddenly, a strange silence arrived.
"Erm, Kamito, about the day before yesterday, the «Valentia Holy Festival»."
"Oh?"
Ellis took out a small box from somewhere.
It was a box prettily wrapped with a ribbon.
"...This is?"
"Th-This is only because I have approved you as a comrade of the Knights. Other than that, th-there's not even a shred of any other intentions!"
Ellis sharply turned her face away and handed her chocolate out.
"Ha ha, thank you Ellis. You're really a person with a stiff sense of obligation."
"Um, but i-it has ... n-nothing to do with obligation."
Ellis pouted her lips and mumbled,
Several days later, a party for Team Scarlet's selection to participate in the Blade Dance was held.
By defeating the first ranking «Silent Fortress», their ranking went up to the third place in one go.
Similarly moving up the rankings, the upperclassman veteran «Team Wyvern» and together with «Team Cernunnos» that had the Druid girl were selected to participate in the Blade Dance.
The departure of the ship that would head to the venue in Astral Zero was one week later.
The party was held in Claire's room.
A gigantic chocolate cake was sitting on the table.
It was almost like the size of a wedding cake.
"You girls... Are you seriously eating this whole thing?"
Kamito groaned with a deadpan look.
"We don't have a choice. We had a lot of chocolate for the Valentia Holy Festival left over, after all."
"Kamito-san, a-are you saying that you are not going to eat my cake?"
Rinslet frowned with an unhappy look.
"You made this? ...You really are a high-spec ojou-sama."
"Milady is top-notch even compared to pastry shops."
Carol smiled, placing her hand at her mouth
"Carol also helped with the taste test."
"Yes, I am in bliss eating Milady's cakes everyday."
"Hum, Carol, you also have to work a little."
...The other party was the never-changing low-spec maid.
"Ah, Kamito-kun, Claire and I also helped!"
Mugyuu. The sensation of soft breasts was pressed onto him.
It was the immodest second princess.
"Fianna, you..."
The instant he heard Fianna helped, Kamito only felt a bad premonition.
"Fufu, not only the cake, you can eat me too!"
She whispered, mixed with her breath, at his ear. Kamito turned bright red.
"W-What are you saying—?"
"Kamito, you can eat me too?"
"Est, are you saying it, knowing what it means?!"
"...Ka-Kamito, you-you pervert..."
*Gogogogogo*
"Wait, Claire! This is a misunderstanding!"
At that moment, the doorbell rang.
"I-It seems like Ellis is here."
Kamito went towards the door like he was escaping in a fluster.
As he opened the door— his eyes widened.
"...!"
The one standing there was—
Ellis wearing a party dress that had an opening at the region of her large breasts.
Her face was applied with light make-up and her lips were coloured red.
"E-Ellis,... what's with your attire?"
"Be-Because it is a party, I came with the proper attire."
Two girls were giggling behind Ellis, whose face was dyed red.
They were Rakka and Reishia. ...It seemed like she was tricked by those two again.
"I-Is... it strange?"
Ellis was asking with her cheeks slightly dyed red and an upward glance.
"No, it suits you. ...You're really pretty!"
Kamito scratched his head as he replied—
*Gogogogo*
He felt dreadful glares from behind.
"...!?"
As he turned around, The ojou-samas were glaring at Kamito with "Grrr" faces.
"Wh-What?"
"S-Shut up, just eat the cake!"
"Muhh"
Claire stabbed the cake with a fork and stuffed it into his mouth.
Fianna, Rinslet... and even Est—
They went on forcefully stuffing cake into his mouth.
(This is absurd...)
While Kamito was surrounded by morose beautiful girls, he sighed a heavy breath.
—A week later, the «Blade Dance» finally drew open its curtains.

—Y-You mean for me to put on an even sexier attire, right?!

With that, it has been roughly a 3-month period since our last contact. This is Shimizu Yuu. I present you the third installment of the academy harem x battle comedy "Seirei Tsukai no Blade Dance" series that started at the end of last year!
To hand over chocolates to the boys they like— The academy's ojou-sama are in-preparation and restless of the arrival of the «Valentia Holy Festival», an event that sets girls' hearts racing. Amongst them, Ellis, Captain of the Sylphid Knights that protects the public morals of the academy, tried to offer a certain act of gratitude to Kamito—
"I-I'm now your exclusive-use maid from now. ...I-Is that alright?"
There's the battle of love between beautiful girls where sparks fly. There's the darkness of the «Cursed Armament Seals» that undermines Academy Town.
And then, there's the academy's strongest elementalist who returned!
Please by all means enjoy this third installment fully crammed with the charms of the ever-serious and clumsy (and surprisingly big breasted) Ellis!
And at this point, big news came flying over from my person-in-charge Shouji-san!
Receiving everyone's popularity, Seirei Tsukai had promising sales but—
What! The serialization of a comic edition has been decided in "Monthly Comic-Alive"!
The one drawing "Seirei" of the comic edition is Yoshihira Zenzai-sensei. I was shown the character designs the other day, but... they're dangerous, they're transcendently adorable!
The reason we could develop a media mix this early was because of all you readers, who had supported "Seirei". Please be looking forward to the day that Claire and Est get turned into a comic and move about.
It's time for the thanks. First, to Sakura Hanpen-sensei, thank you very much for this time's wonderful illustration too. Especially, the front cover's Ellis is most cute. Black tights are the best. And, as to why her breastplate is opened—that's an eternal puzzle, an eternal mystery, and an eternal romance!
To MFJ's charismatic Incubator Koto Shouji-sama, who had always warmly watched over the growth of my work, thank you very much for this time as well & sorry to troubled you—
And again, with Korie Riko-sensei, who's in-charge of the illustration of Gotou Yuujin-sensei's heartwarming, guardian spirit, romance comedy "Tsuki Tsuki!" that was sold at the same time as "Seirei", the drawing of supportive collaborative illustrations could be done. Korie-sensei, thank you very much. As "Tsuki Tsuki!" is a very interesting work filled with plenty of cute girls (Shimizu is of the Gogyou-san faction!), those who have not read it please read it by all means. —By the way, Sakura Hanpen-sensei's collaborative illustrations seem to be placed on "Tsuki Tsuki" Volume 3!
Chief editor Misaka, proofreading team, binding team, sales teams and the bookstores, really thank you for everything. Again, the new retailers Anibro Gamers had continued from the first volume, even the second volume of deploying extra-large signboards & blade dance roadshow.
And, of course, the greatest thanks go to all you readers who had read this book.
To everyone that sent in their questionnaires, I've read them repeatedly, always treasuring your thoughts. The questionnaires are the driving force for me to write my manuscripts, I'll be happy if you keep on sending them in!
※Digressing but when I opened the cash register at a part-time job (a certain bookshop) the other day, there was a customer who bought "Seirei", and it got my heart beating super-fast…!
The next one will be the fourth installment. The stage will be from the academy compilation (first section) to the Blade Dance compilation (second section)— as for the second section, I plan to make many of the foreshadowing and mysteries clear. Of course, with my "increased love, double the fun, superior battles!" slogan, the battle of love between the beautiful girls will heat up more than anything you've seen before!
At last, I pray that the entertainment that'll be created from now onwards would slightly bring peace to everyone, who're even now in harsh circumstances—
P.S.
Last April, I received news of Matsuno Akinari-sensei's death, and I'm humbly expressing my feelings of condolences.
Thank you very much for many of your wonderful works that brought a smile out from the bottom of my heart.
April 2011, Shimizu Yuu
Nice to meet you, or perhaps, long time no see, this is Sakura Hanpen!
This time I'm given two pages for my afterword, so I've fully used the space.
And drew Ellis-san!
Ellis in the 3rd volume was too cute that it was excruciating.
Even I, who's of the Rinslet faction, was almost bought over, how dangerous.

Then, here's some pleasant news! What, the series has been serialized as a manga!
The beginning of first serialization following my first light novel illustrations in succession has me very happy!
The manga drawings are really cute, oh-no, it's at a level that I want to Shizumi-sensei's pero-pero right on the manga edition.
No, it'll be a waste, so I'll hold to it, Shizumi-sensei's pero-pero right is really cute, so please really look forward to it! I want to quickly read it.

Well then, I'll stop here!
The next volume seems to be a book of personal benefit to me!
Shizumi-sensei, I'm looking forward to it! Thank you!!
Before Koto Shouji-san deprives me of my pero-pero rights, I'll be stopping here!! See you at the next volume!


In a quiet forest where the sun's rays shine through the leaves-
-the sound of water resounded through the trees.
Kamito opened his mouth wide in shock and stood stock still.
There was a girl. In front of his eyes was a naked girl.
On top of that, he thought, she was a cute girl.
She had large eyes with ruby pupils and lustrously moist cherry-red lips.
Her white skin was as smooth as milk and dazzling.
Her beautifully slender legs disappeared below the water surface.
However, what caught his eyes more than anything was her blazingly crimson red hair that clung to her gorgeous, porcelain-like body.
However, she was naked.
Stark naked.
"..."
Kamito felt a cold sweat begin to form on his back.
Not good. Naked is not good.
......Speaking of which, he ought to run away.
The rational part of his brain was certainly telling him to run.
However, his body wouldn't move.
It was as if he was enchanted. The scene was just too surreal.
The girl—
Her moist and beautiful eyes blinked as she looked at the intruder who had appeared quite suddenly.
Her expression was blank. It seemed like she had yet to fully grasp the situation.
She had not even covered her small, developing breasts yet.
*Tick.*
A water droplet fell from the young girl's bangs.
With that sound, Kamito finally regained his senses.
"Ah—Err...," Kamito stumbled over his words.
He tore his gaze from the naked girl who was still standing motionlessly.
"I guess I should say...this is a huge accident, ok? It is definitely an unfortunate accident for the both of us..."
At this time, the boy made two fatal errors:
The first was that he started to stumble through making excuses. The best choice for him, of course, was to take advantage of the fact that the girl was dazed and run away immediately.
And the other error was—
"Even though this is an accident, I have seen you like this. I must apologize."
Up to this point, he was still fine, but then he continued...
"However, don't worry. I am a healthy boy, but I don't have that kind of interest."
Looking at the young girl's developing chest, he said—
"I have no interest in the naked body of a kid."
He stepped on a gigantic landmine.
An icy silence fell.
The girl slowly raised her arm, red hair coiling around its length.
Her shoulders shook slightly.
It wasn't because she was cold, however, Kamito was oblivious to that fact.
"Sixteen—"
The girl's delicate lips mumbling something, and Kamito lifted his eyebrows.
"I-I-I am sixteen!!!"
The instant she yelled this, the young girl's red hair stood on end.
"Huuh!?" Kamito opened his eyes wide in surprise,
"Sixteen!? For real? A sixteen year-old with such a pitiful chest—"
He quickly covered his mouth. It was already too late.
"Unforgivable," the young girl said in a low, cold voice, "D-Definitely unforgivable......you-you-you peeping demon, pervert, lewd beast!"
"You're quite knowledgeable to know words like lewd beast," Kamito replied as he narrowed his eyes.
At this time, he noticed that the trees were making a low, whisper-like rustle.
Is that the wind? he mused, No, that's-
Guardian of the crimson blaze, keeper of the undying hearth! Now is the time to abide by our blood contract; come forth and do my bidding!
From the young girl's lips sprang an incantation in the language of the Spirits.
At that instant, accompanied by the sound of air rushing into a vacuum, a whip of flames manifested in the hand of the girl.
An elementalist! Kamito realized as he stared at the girl.
An elementalist controls something that exists from a different dimension apart from this world; a place called "Astral Zero."
Elementalists were princess maidens, girls who have made contracts with the spirits living in that other place.
They can use different types of spirits and freely wield their powers.
It seemed that the girl in front of Kamito had contracted with a fire-type spirit.
That the young girl was an elementalist wasn't something to be that surprised about.
After all, this was the area where the country's excellent elementalists were gathered.
Nevertheless, it's surprising that she can use an elemental waffe, Kamito thought.
The way spirits are summoned and formed upon being summoned into this world can be broken down into two main groups:
The first is a form that appears as a lump of divine power; mass-less and of an indeterminate form. It is purely the summoning of a spirit's power and is used primarily as a battery for when spirit magic is used.
The other summoning form is the pure form that summons a part of the spirit's existence.
This summoning requires tremendous amounts of divine power and, on top of that, is very difficult to control. So, those capable of summoning a spirit's existence are said to be the elite amongst the ranks of elementalists.
Even further, the girl before his eyes was not just using a spirit, but was using that spirit's power in a highly-optimized elemental waffe.
What that means is that...would I now be in a potential life or death situation? As the thought suddenly hit him, Kamito was stunned.
Where the flame whip touched the water's surface a gush of white steam rose.
"You...you have guts." The girl murmured in a trembling voice.
Her face was red. Was it due to her anger or her embarrassment over the situation?
"Really, you have some nerve to p-peek while I, Claire Rouge, am taking my bath," She stammered.
"W-Wait, that is a misunderstanding! Let me explain it in full first!" Kamito shook his head in panic.
"I will not listen to your excuses. Turn into cinders, you pervert!" the girl yelled.
The flame whip ignited furiously in the girl's hand and moved as if it was licking the water surface.
"Oh no..." Kamito propelled his body into the dense bushes nearby.
Nearly at the same time, the Flame Tongue brushed its way over his head.
The idle red residue that remained on the trees which had been cut was like the lingering punchline of a joke. The cut surface of the tree trunks were surprisingly smooth, without any trace of having been touched by fire. The attack had been so fast that the flames did not have the time to ignite the trees.
The hair on Kamito's forehead fluttered down around his mouth while cold sweat started to form on his forehead.
Um, this is a joke, right? I'm not going to die like this, am I? Kamito nervously thought.
*Zing*, *biyutsu* – There was an endless dance of crimson flashes cutting both horizontally and vertically in the forest. The surrounding bush was mowed down in the blink of an eye. Having lost his cover, Kamito hurriedly dashed away.
"Don't dodge, pervert, I can't hit you!" the girl called out.
"Don't ask for the impossible, and I'm not a pervert!" Kamito threw back.
Kamito screamed out; at the same time, the whip swung downwards towards his feet, causing a violent spark to slam onto the ground. Rising from the ground, the whip immediately sprang in the direction of the woods, causing more trees to be cut down.
Fortunately among all the unluckiness Kamito was experiencing, the girl—Claire's- aim was quite bad.
This stands to reason though, as one hand was hiding her chest from being seen. In order to conceal her most important part she had squatted in the pond. However, considering how well she was able to handle her whip in such a position, she should normally be quite skilled at using it.
"How conceited despite being a pervert, please obediently turn into cinders!" Claire shouted again at Kamito.
"I'm saying that I'm not a pervert! But by the way," Kamito stopped and turned around, there was something he had noticed for some time... "you need to cover yourself properly. The gaps between your fingers aren't able to hide them completely."
"...eh?" Instantly, Claire's facial expression froze. And— "Kyaaaaaaaaaah!"
Blushing deeply and screaming in a strangely cute voice—she quickly hid her chest with both of her hands.
"Ah, idiot!" Kamito involuntarily exclaimed.
Claire had let go, and lost control of the flame whip, and it cleanly severed the trees behind her.
The huge trees slowly crashed towards her. However, Claire did not notice them. Her eyes were closed in embarrassment while she kept embracing her naked chest.
Damn! Kamito exclaimed as he kicked off the ground.
Running with all his strength towards the pond, Kamito jumped towards Claire and grabbed her shoulders.
"Wha—!?" Claire's red pupils dilated widely.
Kamito ignored her outburst and aggressively pushed her down into the water.
The moment Claire's hand touched the water, a gush of steam rose, and the flame whip disappeared.
Immediately after, the nearby trees collided with the water's surface.
*Duuuun!*
The sound of the trees falling was deafening and created large water columns.
Absorbing the heat of the flames, the now-warm pond water poured down like a heavy rain.
*A few seconds later*
"Ooh..." Making a seductive noise, Claire slowly opened her eyes.
Her expression was that of shock, her eyes blinked in wonder.
Kamito leaned on Claire and found himself staring into her eyes.
Their faces were so close that if someone were to push on his back lightly, their lips would likely touch.
Claire's crimson hair clung closely to her nape. Her moist lips were cherry red.
Her delicate doll-like face was in front of Kamito's eyes.
For a short moment it looked like he was subconsciously captivated by her. Kamito quickly shook his head.
"...Um, are you alright? Are you hurt?" he asked.
Claire nodded. It seemed as if she had not fully absorbed the situation yet.
Kamito sighed, then tried to stand up.
*Funyuu.*
His hand had touched something soft underwater.
"Hwaaah!"
What is that? Mud? he thought.
*Funyu*. *Munyu*[1].
"Hm, ya, hwaaa" From Claire's moist lips came a shallow, sweet voice. Her submerged naked body twitched for some reason.
"Um ..this is?" Having come this far, Kamito finally arrived at a certain conclusion. A certain......awfully frightening conclusion.
No, wait, calm down. This can't be...that, right?
It couldn't be. It could be no such thing. He desperately tried to deny such a possibility.
When I looked at hers earlier, they weren't so...
"Wh..Wha.. Wha..Whattt .... are..you...do..ing" Claire's lip trembled, shaking involuntarily. She was blushing with tears in her eyes.
Apparently, it wasn't a lump of mud that he had been touching.
"You, pervert—!"
"Gwah!"
Because he got kneed hard in the stomach, Kamito collapsed into the pond's water.
*Gugugugugu....!*
With a rising heat haze behind her, Claire slowly stood up. The flame whip, which was a manifestation of her flame spirit, was once again in her hand.
The water in the pond instantaneously started to boil, bubbles frothing to the surface all around.
"No..No, it's a misunderstanding! Wait, if you do that, I'm really gonna die....." Kamito pleaded.
"Sh..Shut up pervert, you will die here!"
With an almost ear-splitting, deafening sound, Kamito's body was cast high into the air.
A few minutes later...
"Ugh..."
Kamito slowly woke into consciousness, the forest unfolding before his eyes.
He tried to get up—suddenly, he realized that something was coiled around his neck.
It was a leather black whip commonly used for torturing. What is this thing, Kamito thought as he tried to take the whip off.
"You finally woke up, you peeping-tom pervert."
The whip around his neck tightened.
"Gweh!? Release me..." Kamito coughed. He then looked upward and saw—
The scarlet-haired young girl – Claire Rouge, stood above him with her hands on her waist. She gazed down at Kamito with a raised eyebrow.
This time, thankfully, she was not naked. She had changed into an adorable school uniform. It's pattern was of black lines on a pure white field. This was the Areishia Spirit Academy's uniform.
A ribbon decorated the front of her uniform. A talisman was sewn in the place where a button would normally rest. Between the gap of her knee-length stockings and her pleated skirt, her beautifully slender legs stuck out brilliantly. Tiny ribbons tied her crimson hair on both sides. This was the so-called twintail hairstyle. Judging from her still-wet hair, it seems that Kamito had not lost consciousness for that long.
Keeping Kamito's neck bound tightly, Claire puffed up her small chest.
"Well, be grateful. I went easy on you and didn't try to kill you outright," Claire huffed.
"That has to be a lie. You definitely intended to kill me," Kamito retorted.
"What are you talking about? If I had been serious, you would have been in cinders by now," Claire calmly stated.
She just said something quite frightening really calmly, Kamito nervously thought.
By the way, cinders are the soft ash residue that is left behind when firewood is incinerated.
"I beg for your forgiveness, spare me from becoming cinders. After all, I helped you!" Kamito pleaded.
"Well, yes, I am a fair woman of noble rank, so I'll give you credit for your help. Even so, you are a higher grade than an average pervert, so you are a high-grade pervert," she snapped.
"In the end the pervert designation doesn't change," Kamito dejectedly sighed, "By the way, isn't a high grade pervert even worse of a designation than an average pervert?!"
"I bet you were only pretending to help me! You...you touched my breast!"
Recalling what happened, Claire's face suddenly turned beet red.
Seeing such a reaction from her, Kamito had an idea.
...This girl, could it be that she is that kind of person?
"So it seems that milady is the type of pervert that has a hobby of whipping men." Kamito teased Claire nonchalantly.
"What!? That is not true! I'm not a pervert!" The response was immediate as Kamito expected. Claire shook her head and her cheeks instantly became bright red all the way to her ears.
"Then do you enjoy being whipped?" Kamito slyly continued.
"Wha...what..are...you..saying?" Claire's eyes spun as steam puffs rose from her head. She is unsurprisingly flustered.
Oh, as I expected, Kamito smiled bitterly, This girl is really, really innocent.
Most likely it wasn't only Claire that was this innocent. After all, Areishia Spirit Academy is a school where elementalist princess maidens are gathered. Only pure maidens are capable of exchanging feelings with the spirits from Astral Zero. Among those princess maidens, those who retain enough divine power to command a contracted spirit are girls from the lines of kings or lords of ancient and honorable families whose elementalist blood has been strengthened through the marriages of many generations.
To maintain the purity of their bodies and hearts, these girls are raised in environments that are completely separated from contact with males starting in childhood: the so-called elite education for elementalists has no place for men. Therefore, all the girls attending the academy are super innocent princesses who are unaccustomed to dealing with men.
Finding Claire's unexpectedly easy-to-spot weakness, Kamito had the thought to play a prank on her.
From a kneeling position, Kamito looked up at the embarrassed bright-red face of Claire.
"Th—then, there is something I have meant to say since I woke up." Kamito playfully stammered.
"Wh...what is it, you pervert?" Claire replied warily.
"I can see your panties from this angle."
"Fuwah!" Tears began to float in her crimson eyes. Claire hastily pressed down the fringe of her skirt with both hands.
"You...you saw it?" Claire sniffed.
"Only a glance and you are, quite unexpectedly, a very daring girl. Your panties are the same color as your hair." Kamito bluffed.
"You...you lie! They are not red! They are white, white!" Claire shouted.
"Ah, so they are white." Kamito nodded sagely.
"...Eh!?" Realizing that she had been tricked, Claire bit down on her front lip—
"U-Uuuuuuuuuh~" Claire started to cry.
At this sudden unexpected reaction, Kamito panicked. "No, you're the pervert, a dirty young lady, who reveals the color of her own panties", he had planned to say to tease her more but, as expected, he was starting to feel guilty and like a bad person.
Taking the chance while Claire was still crying, Kamito removed the whip from around his neck.
"My bad, I went a bit too far with my prank. Sorry." Kamito stood up and placed his hand on Claire's head. Claire stopped crying, and looked puzzled. "It is my fault that I saw you naked while you were bathing. I have also touched your breasts as well. However, those actions were not intentional. Please believe me."
"Wha-what....."
Seeing the truth of his words in his eyes, Claire could not help but to avert her eyes.
"....What-what is this? If you are not a pervert, then why are you here?"
A question that is not the easiest to answer for Kamito. This forest is under the jurisdiction of Areishia Spirit Academy, known as the Spirit Forest. There would be no reason for a man to be in the grounds of the academy. Even if he was not a pervert, the fact that he was where he should not be could not be contested.
"I was summoned by Greyworth." Kamito told Claire.
"Greyworth...the academy's headmistress!?" Claire questioned suspiciously. Indeed, why would the headmistress summon a male to the academy?
"I'm not lying. Look, here's the evidence." Kamito continued. He took out a letter from within his coat. The letter was signed by the renowned headmistress. It was also stamped with the emblem seal that symbolizes the five great Elemental Lords.
"Is that, the first-rank emblem seal of the Empire!?" Claire cried out, shocked. The first-rank emblem seal is produced by sealing spirits with a special technique into a seal. This seal is rated as the highest among the emblem seals issued by the Empire and is said to be completely impossible to counterfeit. Of course, it is something that is rarely seen but as an elementalist, Claire could certainly tell that it was the real thing.
"It seems to be authentic. But why would the headmistress call a man to the academy?" Claire asked.
"Well, for the answer to that question you'd have to ask Greyworth, that old hag. Being summoned was troublesome for me, too." Kamito sighed.
"'That...that old hag!?'" Claire's face stiffened.
The Dusk Witch, Greyworth, is a greatly respected individual by princess maidens who aim to become Spirit-Knights. It is also said that she is as popular in the Ordesia Empire as the Strongest Blade Dancer, Ren Ashbell. Even after she retired a decade ago from the Twelve Knight Generals, the most elite force of Spirit-Knights known as the "Numbers," her legendary status as a Witch is still one to be feared and revered to the highest degree.
Well, for me, she is nothing but a nightmare, Kamito thought as he tucked the letter back into it's pocket. "Greyworth is an old acquaintance of mine. I came all the way here but the academy ground is extremely large and so I have lost my way."
Areishia Spirit Academy's grounds is incredibly vast. After all, besides the academy-town at the foot of the hill it also includes the entire spirit forest that surrounds it.
"Could it be that you were misled by the spirits in the forest? That's so lame." Claire snickered.
".....Yeah, that's how it is," Kamito nodded, feeling a bit dejected.
Existing in various locations of the continent, spirit forests connect with Astral Zero through Gates. These forests are inhabited by the spirits that have wandered into this dimension. Most of the spirits have no interest in humankind and as such are harmless. There are also spirits who enjoy playing pranks; they deliberately mislead travelers who stray into the forest. Kamito was confused by the spirits' whispers and went deeper and deeper into the forest, therefore losing his way.
"Anyway, I'm really glad that I met someone. It would not be fun to become a victim of the forest. Which way should I go to get to the academy?" Kamito asked.
"Which direction...I shall tell you that it takes two hours to get to the academy from here by foot," Claire replied knowledgeably.
"What, that far!?" Kamito yelped.
If he was to walk for such a long distance by himself he would most likely once again be tricked by the spirits. Since there was a student of the academy present, he had thought that the academy was closer than that.
Hmm? Why was this girl taking a bath at this kind of place? Kamito wondered.
Today is indeed a bit hot, nonetheless, instead of coming all this way, there should be showering facilities inside of the academy. There are only girls in the school so there would be nothing to be embarrassed about.
Kamito asked this question of Claire. Claire dug her hands into her wet twintail hair and tried to comb it.
"I was here for the purification ritual for a spirit contract. Being a spring next to a shrine the water here has the highest of purification qualities. You do know that spirits like a woman who has a pure mind and body?"
"Spirit contract?" Kamito mused.
The moment he heard those words, a throbbing pain came from the back of his left hand, which was covered in a leather glove. Kamito grimaced from the sharp pain.
"A bit further into the forest from here there is an ancient holy sword in a shrine. Rumor has it that a powerful sealed spirit is locked away there. Since the founding of the academy not a single princess maiden has successfully formed a contract with it. It surely sounds like a very proud and noble spirit," Claire said.
Sealed spirits: they are not the normal spirits that reside in Astral Zero and move into this dimension. Among the ranks and types of spirits, there are some who are sealed into weapons or armor by powerful, ancient elementalists. Most of these sealed spirits have brought about terrible disasters to humankind and are dreadful beings called Djinn or Ifreet by ancient societies.
Of course, they are not meant to be employed by elementalists. Those strong elementalists of the past sealed these spirits in weapons or armor so that they could never be summoned ever again and deal more harm to the world around them.
"Don't tell me you plan to form a contract with a sealed spirit?" Kamito said, stunned.
"That's right! Do you have a problem with it?" Claire retorted.
"Stop, it is too dangerous!"
"Hmm, you seem to know a bit about sealed spirits even though you are not an elementalist. I am quite aware of the dangers, but I need a powerful spirit no matter what," Claire muttered, biting her tightly closed lips.
Seeing her determination in her expression, Kamito snapped back on the lecture he had on the tip of his tongue.
"Don't you already have a contract with that flame spirit? That is also a powerful spirit, isn't it? Won't it be fine if you just raise it instead?" Kamito wheedled.
A flame spirit is not very rare, but there are only a handful of elementalists who can control a fire spirit and be capable of using elemental waffen in the whole Empire. On another note, elementalists whom have formed a contract with multiple spirits are so rare that they are an extreme minority. Discord between the contracted spirits can cause deterioration of the balance of divine power. Without enough talent, one would not be able to control them.
"Scarlet is an important partner. But—" I need more power—. Claire calmly shook her head. "-I have a goal. To achieve it, I must have a strong spirit."
Claire's fluffy crimson twintails swung back and forth over her back as she led Kamito deeper into the forest. Although Claire's leather loafers looked quite difficult to walk in, Claire was a well trained elementalist; her steps were light and lively.
"Here it is," Claire muttered.
Her well-proportioned feet stopped walking. With her hands on her hips, Claire looked back at Kamito with a glare.
"Why are you following me, you pervert-peeping maniac?"
"Without your guidance I don't know the way to the academy. As I have said several times, I am not a pervert-peeping maniac. My name is Kamito, Kazehaya Kamito."
"Fufufu, what a weird name. Are you from Quina?" she replied.
Quina is an empire in the eastern region of the continent. It is said that Quina's language, culture, and the relationship between people and spirits largely differ from that of Ordesia.
"No, I am not from Quina. I was born on a far-away, remote island in a very small village."
Kamito intentionally obscured his own statement. Certainly, he was born in an island country in the east, but the larger half of his childhood was not spent there.
"Your name also has quite a unique taste, Claire Rouge." Kamito hinted.
"Do not call my name in a friendly manner," Claire snapped. "Anyway, my name is a strange name."
"Really? I think it is a nice name."
"Wha-what are you saying, st-stupid!"
Claire blushed, suddenly turned back around and briskly walked in the direction she had indicated earlier.
Claire Rouge—obviously the name is a pseudonym.
Most of the students attending the Areishia Spirit Academy are the young ladies of noble families who have been trained as potential elementalists since childhood. However well-versed he was in the noble families, Kamito had never heard of the Rouge family. Claire was hiding her noble family name. She must have some reason to do so, but Kamito had no intention to delve deeper.
Everyone has some secrets they want to hide, Kamito thought. Kamito glanced down at his left hand covered by the leather glove. Even I have mine, too...
Claire kept walking through the forest. Kamito quickly moved to follow her swaying crimson twintails. Losing sight of Claire inside the forest now would only bring trouble for him later. Kamito was well-aware of the dangers of spending a night inside the Spirit Forest.
"Is that dress the academy's uniform?" Kamito asked.
"Yeah." Claire nodded coldly as she kept moving.
Areishia Spirit Academy uniforms are pretty sturdy and can also serve as a protective garment. They have undergone spirit blessings and have the added effect of raising sacred attributes. The uniform could also function nicely as a ceremonial dress for contracting with or summoning spirits.
"What, are you saying that it doesn't suit me?"
Kamito shrugged his shoulders. "No, it suits you gorgeously," he answered. "Honestly speaking, I am charmed by it."
Fine feathers make fine birds; Kamito planned to mock her with caustic words such as those, but the uniform did fit her so perfectly that Kamito couldn't help but to compliment her.
"Wh-Wha-What are you saying!? Stop being an idiot!" Claire stammered cutely.
*Kaatsu* Claire blushed deep red, while *Pyun-Pyun* waving her whip around in agitation.
"Uwahh, Calm down!" Kamito pleaded.
"Wasn't it because you said some weird thing?"
"What I said was weird? I simply spoke the truth! I got it, I understand, so please stop pulling out your whip for every little thing."
Phew, if I didn't need her as a guide...but what a bothersome princess. Dodging the swinging whip, Kamito sighed in his mind.
The shrine that held the holy blade stood quietly in a clearing in the forest.
Claire easily removed the ward that forbade entry and stopped walking, then turned to Kamito.
"From here onwards it will be really dangerous, so, as a commoner, you should stay away."
"If you know that it's dangerous, why not stop?" Kamito asked.
"As I was saying, I need to contract with a strong spirit." Claire calmly shook her head and stepped into the shrine.
Disregarding her warnings, Kamito followed her. As for coming all the way, it was true that he needed a guide, but more importantly he was just worried about Claire.
After all, sealed spirits were the strongest of the strong and at the same time have a wild nature. They prefer destruction and chaos; given the chance, they would even murder the elementalist that employs their power.
They are not something that can be managed by humans—that is why they have been sealed away.
Being only sixteen years of age with such an innate talent for wielding a spirit, Claire might as well be called a prodigy. However, if by any chance, she was to release the sealed spirit and fail to control it, what would happen?
Although she was just a girl he met by chance, Kamito couldn't leave her alone.
"Why did you follow me? I cannot guarantee what will happen to you." Claire warned.
"Don't you have the absolute confidence to tame it?" Kamito snarkily answered.
"Of-Of course I do!"
"Then there's no problem if I come along." Kamito shrugged his shoulders, prompting Claire to turn away from him.
"....Suit yourself."
The inside of the shrine was misty and dark and had a heavy atmosphere. Claire frowned slightly at the smell of mold mingling in the air.
Flames, let there be light.
A tiny fireball immediately formed from Claire's fingertips; a basic spirit spell that draws on the power of a Flame Spirit. The flickering light of the fireball dimly illuminated the walls of the shrine. The shrine looked like a cavern filled with stalactites.
The sword was at the innermost area of the shrine.
"That is the sword that the sealed spirit resides in?" Kamito muttered. Claire nodded quietly in confirmation.
An unsheathed sword was standing hilt-up in a huge stone. It was an undoubtedly an antique which was most likely hundreds of years old but it had no rust on its length nor dents on its edge. Delicate ancient runes were engraved on the flat of the blade, radiating a dim blue light.
"A sword that has existed from even before the academy was founded, The Sacred Sword of Severian," Claire muttered reverently.
"The Sacred Sword of Severian? The one that slayed Demon King Solomon?" Kamito asked, shocked.
Demon King Solomon commanded seventy-two powerful spirits, brought chaos and destruction to the continent and was the only recorded male elementalist in history.
It was said that the one that slew the Demon King was the sword of Severian.
"Idiot, there's no way that's the real thing." Claire stated like she was amazed. "A Sacred Sword of Severian stabbed into a stone can be found everywhere in the Empire. Some remote villages even have one for the revitalization of the village. Anyhow, even if it is not the real deal, since it is a rune sword, there might be a powerful spirit sealed in it."
"...Indeed. Certainly, the real thing would not be in such a place..." Kamito finished.
Claire walked towards the sword determinedly.
"Hey..."
"You stay back." Claire snapped as she gestured to Kamito who had been approaching. Claire clenched the hilt of the holy blade.
"Don't strain yourself."
"...Got it."
Kamito decided to watch over Claire from the edge, where the light barely reached. The sealed spirit might be provoked by the presence of more than just one person. A heavy silence filled the surroundings.
"...Let's do this, Claire Rouge." Breathing deeply, Claire murmured to herself. Her voice trembled a bit; it seemed that she was nervous after all, Kamito noted.
Oh Noble Spirit Sealed in Ancient Holy Sword!
Thou Shall Accept Me as Thy Master and I Shall Be Thy Sheath!
From her cherry-red lips flew a fluent incantation for a contract ritual in spirit language. Her crimson hair stood on its ends. A crashing wind started to swirl inside the shrine.
Holding his breath, Kamito watched her intensely. Once the contract has been spoken and the spirit recognized Claire as its master, a spirit seal would be engraved somewhere on her body. The contract vows would then enter their conclusion. As he watched, a dreadful gust of wind swept through the shrine.
"...eh?" Kamito involuntarily stuttered.
Claire was unfazed, however, as she calmly recited her contract vow.
Dazzling light radiated from Severian's holy blade in her hand.
I can't....believe it, She was exchanging a contract with the sealed spirit!?
Preventing himself from being swept by the wind, an astonished Kamito was dumbstruck.
From the holy blade stabbed in the stone came an overwhelmingly tremendous amount of divine energy. If Claire was an average elementalist, she would have already passed out.
"Thrice I Command Thee, Exchange Vows With Me!"
Claire's vow reverberated inside the shrine in that instant.
*Clink!*
"Pulled-Pulled out. I pulled it out," she said.
"...What, seriously!?"
Brandishing the sword she pulled from the stone at her feet, Claire exclaimed her joy. However, in the next second—
The ancient runes engraved in Severian’s blade suddenly shone violently!
"...huh!?"
Claire involuntarily released the blade from her hand—
The holy blade thrust itself back into the ground. With a flash, it blasted itself into bits.
"Kyaaaaah!"
A short shriek flew, then Claire collapsed onto the ground.
"Hey, are you okay!"
Kamito quickly ran towards Claire.
"Wha-What? What exactly has...."
Claire held her temple and slowly got up, then looked around restlessly.
"My-My sealed spirit?"
"Wait, I...can sense something terrible," Kamito warned.
Sweat was flowing intensely down the back of Kamito's neck. His face was showing the terror he felt as he looked up at the shrine's ceiling. Near the rock ceiling was the sword, swinging while floating in the air.
It's not the shattered holy sword. However, it was a rough steel blade that looked very sharp.
"Is that the sealed spirit of the sword!?" Claire asked.
"So it was of the sword spirit class. Looks like it is rather irritated," Kamito replied.
"How do you know so much? You are not even an elementalist!"
"It is plain to see. No matter how you look at it, that doesn't seem to be someone who pledges allegiance to his master."
"...Umm, indeed so." Claire meekly nodded uncharacteristically.
The floating sword slanted, pointed its tip downwards and suddenly became motionless.
Then—
"Get down!" In that instant Kamito pushed Claire down to the ground. A buzzing sound of an insect grazed his ear and continued past.
"Wai-Waa-Wait, where are you touching me!? I'll turn you into cinders!"
With her face deeply red, Claire beat on Kamito's chest repeatedly.
"Idiot, stop rampaging!" Kamito quickly moved his body away and looked in the direction that the sword spirit had flown to.
Fragments of rocks fell down with clattering sounds. The shrine's stalagmites had been cleanly sliced off.
"It is remarkable to be able to release a spirit of such rank—" Kamito glared with half opened eyes towards Claire. "...but the spirit has completely gone berserk."
"Shu-Shut up. The-The taming of it starts now."
"You...." Kamito was stupefied by her silliness, but he was in no situation to quarrel with her.
The spirit sword released a chattering noise while flying back towards them. Inside the shrine they couldn't move freely and even their range of sight was restricted.
Kamito grabbed Claire's hand and stood up. Touching each others' soft skin made Kamito's heart flutter but he did not show any reaction on his face.
"Hwaah."
"Stop making such cute reactions at every little thing. Let's flee," Kamito said.
"Wha.. whaa. whatt.. Cute.. what, me? Kyaa!"
"Let's run outside!"
Kamito grasped Claire's hand while they both ran in the direction of the shrine's exit.
The spirit sword did not immediately chase after them. Maybe it has not yet completely awakened. With this opportunity they might be able to run away.
The moment they were out of the shrine, the flash of the sword grazed in front of their eyes. Kamito's cut forelocks fell and danced in the breeze. The spirit sword let out a tremendous roar, decisively knocking down the surrounding trees in succession.
"Crazy! What a wild spirit, just like a certain princess I know," Kamito sighed.
"Alwa-Always, you're noisy..." Feeling slightly awkward, Claire deliberately coughed, then stood up. "What a rebellious child.....I'll give you a proper spanking later."
Her pair of crimson eyes were burning with a fierce determination, yet somehow she said some lines of provocation. Rolling up the fringe of her skirt, she then took out the leather whip coiled around her thigh, hitting it hard on the ground. Kamito's heart skipped a beat at the brief sight of her white underwear, but he said—
"Are you insane!? Your opponent is a high rank sealed spirit!"
"It will be an easy victory. Amateurs like you please stay back!"
"Where are you getting all of your confidence? Whatever, let's run away!"
Claire shook off Kamito's hand that was grabbing her wrist. "No, you escape yourself. I will absolutely make this spirit mine."
"You, for what reason—do you need a strong spirit that badly?"
".....You will never understand." Claire averted her eyes.
"I need...power, I need a powerful spirit that will not lose to any other spirit!"
Guardian of the crimson blaze, keeper of undying hearth!
Now's the time to abide by the blood contract, come forth and do my bidding!
Claire recited the summoning spell of her Flame Spirit. A crimson flame surged and she was engulfed by an intense heat.
"The hunting begins, Scarlet!"
Together with scorching flames a red Hell Cat appeared. Instead of fur, it was blazing with scarlet-colored flames that were wrapped around the beast's body.
Is that the real form of her flame spirit!? Kamito wondered.
Indeed, she was not all talk. She truly is a prodigy.
For a spirit to be manifested in beast form is proof that it is a high ranking spirit. Scarlet might just be an affectionate name, perhaps it was not the true name of the spirit. Without a doubt, it was a high ranking spirit that carries a true name.
Claire wielded her whip, the hell cat growled with a frightful roar and then rushed towards the sword spirit. Dancing sparks scattered and the atmosphere trembled at the roar of the beast. The floating spirit sword spun towards the Hell Cat, cutting the trees in its way.
"Scarlet, go get it!"
In response to Claire's shout, the Hell Cat leaped. High above the floating sword it jumped and its sharp blazing claws swung down at the sword. With a high pitched shrill sound, intense sparks scattered from the contact and the spirit sword dropped to the ground.
Claire ran at the same time. It was not a fatal hit. The spirit sword rose and flew back into the air in a split second, rolling over itself while drawing an arc in the air.
The flame spirit chased after it, trying not to let it escape. Roaring loudly, it made a great leap again.
Violent sparks scattered once again. Claire struck hard at the ground with her leather whip, slowly pressing forward against the sword spirit. It looked like the leather whip was not meant for battle, rather for signaling instructions to the spirit.
At the fierce attacks of Scarlet, the spirit sword's movement stopped—At that instant,
"Eat this!" Searing Fireball!
Claire released a huge fire ball from her palm.
Fireball is a high level fire spirit magic spell that uses ultra-hot flames and can terribly burn up the object of its ire, leaving it completely traceless and unrecognizable. The spell's power is determined by the elementalist's own divine energy and the contracted spirit's strength in combination.
The released fireball drew an arch in the air, then exploded in a blast that even Scarlet was caught in. The shockwave of the explosion knocked down the trees in the immediate surroundings and fallen tree trunks radiated from the explosion center.
What terrible power... Kamito thought. As he shielded himself from the flying stones that were blown into the air by the spell, Kamito marveled at the power exhibited by Claire.
Such power was not one that would normally be in the hands of one so young.
Inside the swirling fire, the Hell Cat's figure reared. Naturally, the Hell Cat cannot possibly be harmed by a blazing fire because of its base nature.
The spirit sword hovered motionlessly in the air. It seemed that it had not received any damage either. Naturally, Claire didn't think that she would bring down a high ranking spirit with just spirit magic, but she should be able to get its attention.
"Scarlet!" Claire exclaimed.
The flame spirit's claws attacked the spirit sword again. Its scourging hot claws could melt normal steel. If its opponent were an average spirit, it would be instantly eradicated. However, the spirit sword quickly moved to intercept the claws and the attack was stopped by the steel edge of the blade.
In an instant, the strange sound of metal-on-metal scratching reverberated in the trembling atmosphere.
"Wh...What?...." Kamito suppressed both his ears with his hands.
Receiving the full impact of the sound, Claire's face distorted from pain and she crouched down.
The spirit sword had released a weird sound and then transformed. Its shape changed from an average long sword to that of a huge bastard sword in a flash.
"What!?"
Claire's flame spirit took an unexpected strike, it couldn't avoid the big swing of the large sword. The Hell Cat's body was severed into two and it vanished into the void together with its flames.
With only one hit, Scarlett had lost the strength to manifest in this world.
...Damn! Isn't this thing in a completely different league? It seems that it has finally completely awakened. Kamito cursed, then glanced at Claire—
Claire had collapsed on the ground, and her stunned blank eyes were fixed upward at the void where the flame spirit had disappeared.
Having finished off the flame spirit in one swing, the spirit sword aimed its next attack at Claire.
The huge bastard sword flew at the crouching girl—
"Claire!" Kamito shouted, and started to run. Without reason, his own body just moved before he knew it.
"Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!"
Diving in front of Claire, he thrust his palm toward the bastard sword. Not his left hand enclosed by the leather glove – it was his right hand.
...No choice but to do this!
Oh Noble Spirit Sealed in Thy Ancient Holy Sword!
Thou Shall Accept Me as Thy Master and I Shall Be Thy Sheath!
Sweat rushed down from his forehead as he started to recite the incantation for spirit contracts, one which he had sworn to never utter again. The spinning tip of the sword pierced the skin of his palm. Red blood gushed intensely from it.
...Gwaah, Gah!
Crushing amounts of divine energy swirled around him, the gravel and dirt surrounding them whirled up from the strength of the wind. He almost lost consciousness from the sharp pain, but he knew that if he fainted, Claire, who was behind him, would surely be cut in half.
Thrice I Command Thee!
"...No way, a Spirit Contract!?" A surprised sound came from Claire's throat.
Kamito's heels sank into the ground. The sound of his breaking bones resounded underneath his scalp.
Exchange Vows With Me!
Withstanding the terrible sharp pain, Kamito finished the last words of the contract ritual.
Instantly, the body of the spirit sword radiated with a pale blue light.
What!?
Intense flashes of light and thunderous sounds crashed into his brain.
He slowly opened his eyes and found Claire Rouge's face in his vision. Draped onto his face was her twintailed hair.
It seemed that she was shouting something but he couldn't hear it clearly. Probably the sound blasts from the spirit had messed up his ears.
...Looks like I'm still alive.
Wearily lying on the ground, Kamito let out a breath of relief. The chance of success against a spirit of such rank was very low, but it looked like his gamble had paid off.
Raising his eyebrow, he grimaced from the pain that crashed throughout his whole body and raised his right hand slowly.
In his right hand which had been stabbed by the spirit sword-instead of a wound, an emblem of two swords crossing each other had been engraved upon it.
It was the proof of the spirit contract—the spirit seal.
Aah, I did it... Kamito murmured as he stared at the carved seal on the back of his hand.
A sharp sense of guilt bit at his heart. He had broken the promise with her...
However, in order to save Claire, it had been the only method with any degree of success.
Claire noticed that Kamito had woken up; her hands were at the nape of his neck and her face moved closer to his, so close that he could feel her breath. With her clear crimson eyes, she stared at Kamito. Her cherry-colored lips trembled weakly.
"...Why? You're a male. How can you contract a spirit!?"
Kamito did not answer and slowly stood up. Not used to being ignored, the annoyed Claire raised her eyebrows.
"My-My sword spirit!?"
"My bad. Just a moment ago, I contracted with it." Kamito sighed and showed her the back of his right hand where the spirit seal had been engraved.
"Wha-Whaa-Wha-Whaaaat!" Claire wore a stunned expression with her mouth wide open.
Well, a natural reaction to the situation, I guess...
Kamito felt a faint ache in his heart. Of course, he could clearly understand such a response from Claire. Originally, contracting with a spirit was a privilege that was granted to none other than pure maidens.
The history of males whom could contract spirits belonged solely to one person historically. This male brought chaos and destruction to the world and so he was called the Demon King Elementalist.
It would be natural for Claire to fear him, since he was a male who could tap the same power of spirit contracts as the Demon King.
Kamito stood up and quietly turned around.
He did not regret the contract. This was the only way he could think of that would have allowed him to save Claire.
Kamito was about to leave, but a voice called him from behind.
"Wait, wait I say!"
Turning around, he saw that Claire, with her hands on her hips, was glaring intensely at him.
"You stole...my spirit...take responsibility for it!"
"Huh?" Kamito frowned...It didn't make any sense to him.
At such a reaction from Kamito, Claire impatiently brushed her twintail.
"I should have been the one to have obtained that spirit, so I am saying that you have to take responsibility for denying me the spirit."
"Responsibility?"
Responsibility is a very heavy word. Because of that unexpected word, Kamito had become even more confused.[2]
...What was the girl saying?
"Therefore...."
Claire snapped her whip and then she pointed her index finger toward Kamito.
"You have to become my contracted spirit!"

Areishia Spirit Academy.
In this institution, all the princess maidens from across the empire are gathered and trained into full-fledged elementalists.
With a beautiful garden behind its castle walls, the school building, lined with elegant spires seemed very much like the palace of a princess. —In fact, this was nearly entirely correct. Out of all the students attending this academy, almost all of them are genuine and proper noble ladies.
"However, to unexpectedly have such a terrible encounter..."
Kamito muttered to himself as he walked along the red carpet covered hallway on the second floor of the school building.
"Lost inside the forest, I wound up contracted to a sealed spirit, and furthermore..."
Since Kamito snatched the sealed spirit from her, that crimson haired young girl apparently had her eyes on him.
After that—Claire Rouge guided Kamito to the academy school building.
That was good, but apparently her claim that Kamito was to become her personal contracted spirit was serious. Round and round, the whip was coiled around Kamito. Rather than being guided, it might be more appropriate to say that he was being dragged, and they walked through the forest in that fashion.
Regardless, Kamito had no obligation to play along with the princess. Taking the opportunity when Claire went to the restroom, he unwound the whip and escaped.
"Ah, you escaped, you traitor!"
Such a voice can be heard from inside the restroom—
(What? What made you think I wouldn't run away...)
That young girl was an outstanding elementalist, but her common knowledge of society was that of a naive lady.
"Anyways, before I am found by that girl again, I need to hurry up and meet Greyworth."
Proceeding down the hallway, Kamito let out a small sigh.
... Depressed.
After all, so far nothing good had ever resulted from getting involved with that witch.
(... But, I can't ignore this.)
Kamito took out a sheet of paper from his breast pocket.
Forty days ago, he had received a letter from Headmistress Greyworth.
If, what was written on it is true—
He might finally get some clues about that girl.
Nevertheless, Kamito could not deny the possibility that it was just some bait to lure him here.
(... It is useless to ponder on it. After all, the other party is that Witch.)
And, here Kamito stopped in his tracks.
In front of him was the thick, wooden front door: the Headmistress' Office.
As Kamito was about to knock on the door—
"Headmistress, I can't agree with this!"
Suddenly, a voice could be heard from inside the room.
A high pitched, young girl's alto voice.
It seemed that they were occupied currently.
(... It can't be helped, I'll kill some time outside for a while.)
While Kamito was moving away from the door—
"Why should we welcome the likes of a man to this sacred academy of princess maidens?!"
He stopped his foot steps...
(...Mm, man?)
That perked up his ears.
"Because I said that we need him here. Isn't that reason enough for you?"
It was a constrained voice. But, it carried so much power that Kamito trembled even hearing it through the door. What a fearful voice from the witch no matter how many times one hears it.
"Ar-Are you suggesting that we lack the strength?"
"Nonsense. I'm not belittling the power of your chivalric orders, but, He is special"
"... You mean the fact that he can communicate with a spirit despite being male?"
"Yes, but that is not all of it."
"What do you mean—"
And, the girl suddenly closed her mouth.
Silence fell for a brief moment. Then—
"Who is there?!"
(Darn it.) Apparently they'd noticed that someone was eavesdropping.
Kamito quickly attempted to leave—
*Bang* – suddenly, the office door was violently opened.
From the door which was kicked open, there appeared—
With a beautiful slender leg which was swung up high, a pony tailed beautiful young girl.
A pair of sharp, long eyes. A dignified, handsome feature.
She wore a silver breastplate on top of her uniform, and it looked like the outfit of a valiant knight.
Inside the leaf pleated skirt, a pair of lace underwear flew into his sight.
"Black!?"
"Wha... Y-You, Insolent Person!"
The young girl kicked Kamito with her whole strength in his stomach which caused him to involuntarily blurt out.
"Guoh!"
The sudden attack caught him off guard, blowing Kamito away.
In an instant, the young girl shortened the distance between them and pressed Kamito down on the floor, unsheathing the blade at her hip.
Then she thrust it violently, pointing the edge of her blade onto his cheek.
"..."
Shooting a cold piercing look.
Then, those clear, reddish-brown colored eyes widened.
"You... are you... actually a man!?"
The stern face of the girl blushed and became bright red.
That time—
"Fnn, aren't you quite behind schedule, Kazehaya Kamito?"
A displeased voice came from the back of the office.
Kamito, who was still being held down by the young girl, slowly raised his eyes.
Over there—there was the figure of a witch completely unchanged from three years ago.
Her ash-blonde hair was gently waving.
Her beauty extolled the seductiveness of an alluring adult.
Beneath her small pair of glasses, her eyes, the same gray as the color of her hair, were staring in his direction.
(... So you came out, witch!)
Kamito spat out bitterly in his head.
Dusk Witch—Greyworth Ciel Mais.
With the appearance of a bewitching, carnivorous, beautiful woman, she was an experienced Spirit Knight that boasted the title of being one of the twelve Knight Generals of the Empire.
The rumor that the highest ranked elementalist may transcend her age might have been real.
"—It has been three years, Kamito. Looking at your face, it seems you have changed."
"... You just don't change, Dusk Witch."
To the sarcastic response while he was still pressed down on his back, the witch let out a smile.
"Kazehaya Kamito!? Then, this guy..."
The ponytail young girl raised her eyebrow.
"Hey, isn't it about time that you let go of me?"
Kamito squinted his eyes and murmured towards the young girl sitting on his chest.
"What is that? You shameless, rude person!"
"After all, I am saying it for your own sake."
"... What do you mean?"
"Well, how to say it... since some time ago, your thigh has been touching my body."
Her moderately tight thigh felt soft. It was a pity that he had to point that out, but it wasn't rubbing so much that he would enjoy the side benefits under such a situation either.
"......~Wa!?"
The stern young girl's face blushed burning hot red.
Standing up quickly while holding down her skirt, she swung down her blade mercilessly.
Within a hair's breadth, Kamito dodged it by twisting his body.
"Wha-What are you doing!?"
"You-You indecent... I will make you into a marinated salmon, in an instant!"
"Wait, calm down! I'm not a salmon!"
*Zing*— a sharp slash, Kamito's forelock was cut.
Serious. Not even a shred of doubt in her eyes.
(... Um, in this one day, how many times have I almost been killed?)
An unlucky day. Or is it because of the curse of the Dusk Witch.
(Are all the girls of the academy like this?)
Being driven to the wall. Kamito felt the seriousness of the threat to his life—at that time.
"Sheath your blade, Ellis. Any personal struggle in this academy is prohibited."
"... Uh!"
Greyworth's voice called out, the girl named Ellis stopped instantly.
"H-Headmistress... I'm just—"
"Do I need to say the same thing twice? Ellis Fahrengart."
"... No, um, I apologize."
Ellis, while glaring intensely at Kamito, reluctantly sheathed her blade.
Greyworth pushed up her glasses and then smiled.
"So, you are already at that age. Well, to be pushed down by Ellis' delicate body hidden under the armor, most boys would not be able to control themselves."
"H-Headmistress!?"
"Wait, please don't say anything that will cause a misunderstanding! I'm—"
Kamito quickly objected. But, his eyes unintentionally went in the direction of Ellis' breasts—
... Indeed. She was wearing her armor so it was hard to tell, but certainly, Claire Rouge's pitiful breasts were incomparable to hers.
"Y-You, w-where are you looking to!"
"My bad..."
Kamito quickly averted his eyes.
"Guh, if you weren't the headmistress' guest, I'd have made you into a Pot-au-feu already!"
"... Why a Pot-au-feu!"
Although he didn't understand her metaphor, it sounded scary.
"Ellis, you can go now. It's unpleasant to have people flirt in front of my eyes."
Greyworth's cold voice informed her.
"I-I can't leave you alone in the same room with... this man. If he impudently lusts towards the headmistress..."
"There is no such thing!"
Kamito interrupted strongly. ... What was this girl saying?
"Well, it does not matter if that's the case. I'm always wearing my lucky underwear."
"What..."
"Mm, Your face became red, boy, quite cute. By the way the color is—"
"I don't want to hear it!"
"Just kidding. Why are you blushing?"
"Guah!"
The Dusk Witch giggled with pleasure, Kamito directed looks filled with killing intent towards her.
"B-But, the headmistress should not to be alone together with such a guy without guard—"
"Ellis Fahrengart."
To that calm tone of voice , Ellis' shoulders trembled.
"Do I need to repeat what I am saying twice?"
"Um, I apologize!"
Greyworth, how frightening; with her voice trembling, Ellis nodded, and left the hallway swiftly.
Finally released, Kamito stood up letting out a sigh of relief.
Brushing the dirt from his coat, he set foot inside the office.
After Kamito closed the door behind him, Greyworth shrugged her shoulders.
"She is the daughter of the ducal House of Fahrengart. An excellent knight, but somewhat stubborn."
"Is that girl a student here, too? She was wearing armor on top of her uniform."
"She is the leader of the Sylphid Knights, a party which manages any disturbances to the order of the academy."
"Like a public morals committee. In that case, they should manage it more strictly."
Kamito remembered, what happened inside the forest when he met the crimson haired young girl.
... To leave her at large was bad, in all sorts of ways.
"Fu, I'll take that into consideration. By the way Kamito, why are you so grimy. As if you were attacked in the Spirit Forest?"
".....No, I was scratched by a cat. A tomboyish hell cat girl."
Kamito answered impatiently with a bitter face, and Greyworth shrugged her shoulders again.
"You'd better be careful, rumors say that within the inner depths of the Spirit Forest that even the Spirit Investigation Committee would not enter, are S-rank spirits still slumbering. Once you encounter one, your life is forfeited—in your case, can you manage to tame it?"
"Please stop. I don't want to associate myself with an S-rank spirit again."
"Yeah. As you are now, you would probably be a mincemeat in five seconds."
"Not even one second. Actually, with a contracted spirit I might last for seven seconds."
"Fu— with a contracted spirit?"
Greyworth directed her grayish eyes towards Kamito's right hand.
"That wound? Is that also a scratch by the cat?"
"This is—"
The wound—on the right hand, that was where the spirit seal was engraved a while ago.
Kamito clicked his tongue inwardly—No, after all he couldn't possibly hide it from the Dusk Witch.
"Well, how to say it. It is just happenstance. I made a contract with a particular sealed spirit. It was ultra-violent, had I failed the contract, I would not be standing here right now."
"Ha, what a change of heart, that you have contracted with a spirit other than her."
The grayish eyes, inside the glasses, glistened sharply.
"Finally you decided to say farewell to that ghost, is that it?"
"... Guh!"
At that mocking tone, Kamito couldn't help but get agitated.
"She is not a ghost! She is..."
Kamito took out the paper in his coat's pocket, then slapped it onto the front desk.
The beautiful witch did not waver in the slightest. A detestable calmness.
Kamito bit his lips, then asked Greyworth.
"This, you sent this to me. Is it true?"
"Ah, it's true. Witches don't tell lies."
"It was... Indeed, you haven't told a lie. But, you've never spoken the truth either."
Kamito spat out what he wanted to say.
"... Well whatever. Tell me what you know."
"Oh boy, Is that the attitude of someone asking a witch? You were cuter three years ago."
"The cat changed into a tiger in three years. Do not think it will stay as your pet forever."
"A cat does not change into a tiger and never will."
Greyworth intentionally shrugged her shoulders and fixedly looked into Kamito's eyes.
Kamito was involuntarily overcome by the pressure of that overbearing stare.
"The thing written there is true. Your contracted spirit is alive."
"... Guh!"
Kamito swallowed his breath.
A Witch does not speak the truth. But, she never tells a lie either.
"Her... Restia, where is she now?"
Kamito raised his voice, leaning his body onto the office desk.
The witch without moving her eyebrow, thrust a bundle of documents to the tip of Kamito's nose.
"... What are these?"
"Agreement Terms. Sign here."
"This doesn't make any sense. What do you mean?"
"There is nothing you couldn't understand. For what purpose do you think I summoned you here? Did you take it that I, the Dusk Witch, will simply let you have the information out of goodwill?"
"I understand fully that you have nothing but malice."
Kamito snatched the bundle of documents, then slapped it onto the desk.
Bundled with a clip, Areishia Spirit Academy's Admission Notification.
It was written there. No doubt—Kamito's public Background Profile.
"What kind of a joke is this?"
"Today you will be admitted into the academy. Don't worry, I've already taken care of all the necessary procedures."
"How can I be calm! What do you mean by this, explain!"
"I need you. That's all."
"What?"
The witch's words were always unexpected. Like a midsummer breeze.
"What are you talking about? I mean, this academy is a garden of pure maidens."
"No problem. Such a thing is no big deal with my authority."
"That would be a problem in itself! Now is Different from Three Years Ago."
Provoked by Kamito—
"Don't get the wrong idea, Boy. You don't have any right to choose."
Greyworth told him in a shockingly cold voice.
"... Gu!"
"Till now I have allowed you to roam freely. Originally, the elementalist must be managed by the organization. You know that, right?"
"That is—"
In the Ordesia Empire, elementalists are given various privileges, but in exchange they must be registered with the organization. If there exist stray elementalists that harbor ideologies that are against the empire, it will be extremely dangerous to the nation.
"They will sniff out your existence sooner or later. Don't underestimate the country's Spirit Knights, we don't know how it would have been three years ago, but with your current slump you will lose for sure; besides—"
Then, a demonic grin floated from Greyworth.
"There's a slight chance that I might carelessly blab out the secret."
"... What carelessly? In short this is blackmail."
"It helps a lot that you understand so quickly."
"So shameless."
Kamito threw a loathsome comment, Greyworth as if in regret shrugged her shoulders.
"Fu, why are you so dissatisfied? One man in an institution of maidens where real princesses are gathered. Isn't it like a marvelous luxury harem?"
"Oh, please, I'm—"
"If you like, you may take one student from the academy and do whatever you like to her. For example, Ellis Fahrengart from earlier—who is seriously stubborn, but she is of the type to become ultra obedient once well trained. I am sure she will respond to whatever perverted radical play you have in mind."
"Am I a sex deviant?!"
"A joke. There is no way that I have such authority."
"I can never understand your jokes..."
Kamito moaned holding his temple.
"Why did you summon me now? What do you plan to do with me?"
"Glad that we can get to the point directly."
"Since it is useless to oppose a Witch."
A casual reply, Greyworth let out a smile—
"In two months, the Blade Dance will be held in Astral Zero. I have put you up as an entrant there."
"What did you say?"
—Blade Dance.
Once every few years, it is the largest Kagura[3] ritual carried out in Astral Zero.
Elementalists gather from the continent, and perform Blade Dance as an offering for the Five Great Elemental Lords.
So to speak, it's a grand martial battle festival of fellow elementalists.
The country of the victorious team will be given a few years of divine protection by the Elemental Lords, a guaranteed prosperity for the country. Together with a general assembly for the champion—
A single Wish will be granted.
"Win the cup, Kamito. Nevertheless, as of now it might be impossible for you."
"I—"
Kamito bit his lips, strongly clenching his fist.
Not his right hand where the spirit seal was engraved—It was his left hand covered by the black leather glove.
*Zukiri*, A sharp pain ran through his chest.
"I-I have decided that I will never participate in the Blade Dance again."
"No, you will compete. Otherwise, there will be trouble."
Greyworth placed both of her hands onto the office desk, calmly shaking her head.
"Because, nobody but you can win against the Strongest Blade Dancer."
"Wh... at...!?"
The moment that he heard that name, Kamito's face froze.
The Strongest—the elementalists that are given this title, currently, there was only one in the whole continent.
Three years ago, a mere fourteen year old young girl dominated the Blade Dance's individual matches.
"—That is right. She has returned."
Greyworth's grayish pair of eyes, peered into those of Kamito's.
"The Strongest Blade Dancer—Ren Ashbell."

Stubborn footsteps resounded in the academy hallway.
A sleeved uniform had been provided directly to Kamito, who was following the swaying ponytail.
The uniform Greyworth prepared was custom-designed for his personal use. The fundamental color was the same as that of the other students, pure white, but the dress below it was certainly not a skirt. The cloth of his pants, which was incorporated with holiness, was worn nicely like a gentleman.
(Damn, the size is perfect...she knew it from the very beginning.)
Kamito cursed Greyworth in his head.
"The instructors' building and the students' building are connected on the second floor's hallway. The cafeteria is located on the first floor."
Guiding him through the school building was the girl from before, Ellis Fahrengart.
While Kamito was changing into his uniform, Greyworth seemed to have summoned her.
At first, she openly showed a displeased face, but maybe because of her serious personality, she did not abandon him midway and dutifully continued to guide him.
The school building's design was recklessly complex and in order to create a comfortable space for spirits, it has adopted the standard of the latest spirit engineering architectural style. Anyway, it was definitely a design that had given little consideration for the people using it.
Staring at Ellis' swaying ponytail, Kamito recalled the conversation from earlier. In the end, although he wasn't pleased that things had gone the way the witch had predicted—
Hearing that name, which was mentioned, Kamito was left with no other choice.
Ren Ashbell—suddenly appeared three years ago, The Strongest Blade Dancer.
And, that Ren Ashbell's contracted spirit is—
A dark spirit in the form of a young girl.
"..."
While walking, Kamito dropped his gaze to his left hand which was covered with a leather glove.
(...No, it can't be her. Because, she is—)
Kamito shook his head. Trying to deny it rationally—but could it be... mixed thoughts were in his mind.
(...Well whatever. I'll make sure of it with my own eyes. For now I'll dance in your palm, Greyworth.)
"You..."
Then Ellis, who was walking in front of him, suddenly stopped.
Facing him with her hand on her waist, she sternly scowled at Kamito.
"Are you listening or what? It's for your own sake that I'm explaining these things."
"...Um, my bad. I was thinking of something."
"Mm, thinking of something?"
For some reason, Ellis' face became red, and she quickly walked towards him.
"Y-You, what kind of things were you thinking while looking at my back!"
"W-Wait, Don't swing your blade here!"
The blade was swung at point blank range, and Kamito quickly dodged it.
(Perhaps... this girl is also...)
It appeared that it was a common problem that all the students of this academy had no immunity to men.
Maybe the reason that she was walking so fast since before, was because she was conscious of the fact that Kamito was a man.
"Listen, don't misunderstand anything! I have not accepted you. I'm guiding you because I have no choice, but to comply with the headmistress' orders!"
"Ah, I get it. But don't treat me like an enemy either. As of today I'm a student of this academy like you."
"I'll never accept you. The fact that there is a man such as you who is an elementalist, there is no way I would accept it!"
Returning on her heels, Ellis began to walk quickly.
"All things considered, why would the headmistress want a man transferred here..."
...It seemed that he was being disliked a lot.
(Well, it can't be helped. This is my fate as the only man in this garden of maidens.)
It's as if a lion had been released on a herd of rabbits.
Naturally, the overly boxed princesses would be wary of a man of the same age.
The Blade Dance will be held two months later.
He had to obtain their trust gradually in this school life.
(Hmm, yeah. Speaking of life.)
Suddenly, something came to his mind.
"Hey, Ellis."
"What."
Ellis turned around in a sullen mood.
He thought she might rage because of him calling her by her first name so casually, but apparently she didn't.
"From today onwards, where should I live?"
There was no male dormitory in this academy, and there's no way that he would be given a room in the female dormitory. Would that mean commuting to the school from the academic city at the foot of the mountain?
"Don't worry about it, the academy has prepared a splendid lodge at great expense for you. A part of the endowment had been especially allocated for the construction cost."
"What a strangely thorny way of speaking."
...Well whatever. It's certainly better than being homeless or living outside in the Spirit Forest.
"It can be seen from this window—there it is."
Kamito looked in the direction Ellis was pointing at.
"...Um, where is it?"
Looking around the vast grounds, it seems he can't find any lodging house there.
"Look well, over there at the corner of the plaza square"
Ellis was pointing towards—
"That's... my house?"
A splendid building with a large roof.
More spacious than an ordinary residence house, there were many rooms inside.
Beside it was an exclusive bathing area. Mangers have been piled up near its entrance.
"Is-Isn't that a stable!"
Kamito yelled loudly.
"Are those eye sockets empty? Look closely."
"What?"
(Um, am I seeing something wrong?)
He only saw the stable.
No, it was a stable at best. After all, they are soothing their horses in that place.
(Mm?)
—And then, Kamito finally discovered it.
Next to the stable, where wooden planks had been put together and were erected, there was actually a lodge.
Here and there, different lengths of planks had been nailed down together.
The roof was flaky. A sudden gust of strong wind would destroy such a lodge.
"Ah, maybe—that one?"
"Yeah."
Ellis simply nodded.
"Where's the splendid lodge! It seems like it has been built in three days!"
"Three hours. Do not underestimate the power of my contracted spirit."
"You built it?! I mean, wasn't it built at a high price?"
"A high price indeed, I wasted my time because of you. Are you unsatisfied?"
"I'm full of dissatisfaction. It's almost harassment towards me."
"There's a proper bed, made of straw."
"I'm getting the same treatment as a horse..."
"Fu, You have a strong sense of pride. Of course a horse is more worthy of caring for than you."
With the ponytail at her nape brushing on her shoulder, Ellis said clearly.
Somehow, he wanted to cry.
"The restroom? The bath?"
"You can use the back of the lodge as restroom. Unfortunately, you'll need to share the bath."
"Shared bath... with the horses."
Kamito grumbled.
"Are you complaining?" Ellis scowled at him.
"Look, even in the highly unlikely event that you try to invade the academy's restroom, my contracted spirit would turn you into a sauté mushroom."
"Sounds delicious. So, you really like to cook?"
"Yes, It's a hobby. Someday an ideal gentleman will take my hands for marriage, and to please him with my cooking, I'm usually training for it."
"Really, um, if there is a chance, please let me try it too. At least, I have a fine palate."
"Yes. If there's a chance, I would like to demonstrate my proud cooking... What? Who are you to think that I would do something like that for you!?"
*Zing*— In a flash the blade was swung, and Kamito dodged it by a thin margin.
"...You. Forget about cooking, these are not the kind of hands for marriage—"
"Uh..."
Kamito retorted with half an eye closed. Maybe being self-conscious, Ellis quickly glanced away.
"Another thing, being the leader of the knights, aren't you messing up the order the most?"
"Shu-Shut up. It was because you said something strange!"
Kamito shrugged his shoulders, then turned towards the corridor again.
"Let's leave the topic of the dormitory for now. Where's my classroom?"
"The Raven class. Where extraordinary problematic children are gathered, a perfect class for you."
"Extraordinary problematic children?"
"It's exactly as it sounds. ...Mm, Why are you looking so bitter?"
"No, I happen to know something about it."
Kamito remembered in his head, the crimson haired young girl he encountered inside the forest.
Seriously? No way! —That stroke of uneasiness, he couldn't shake it away.
"Are you also from the Raven Class?"
Kamito tentatively asked a question.
The term "extraordinary problematic child" fit this young girl perfectly.
"As if... I'm from the superior class Weasel!"
In an instant, the sword was swung in a flash.
Kamito was expecting it this time, and only the forelocks had slightly been cut.
"...T-The Fahrengart secret sword skill was fended off."
"....As such, don't casually swing at me with your hidden sword skills!"
Climbing up the staircase and walking through the long corridor, Kamito finally saw his classroom.
A large wooden double leaf door with an abstract spirit shaped carving was there.
Areishia Spirit Academy's classrooms were arranged a floor apart from each other. Because classrooms close to each other would likely duel or create some other commotion immediately.
"All the students attending here are princesses from noble families. There are some who hold a grudge against each other. Although, as a regulation of the academy, personal disputes are prohibited; frequent incidents like dueling have never stopped."
While sighing, Ellis clasped her fist strongly.
"We the Sylphid Knights will protect this peaceful academy from the perpetrators."
"No, the one who is disturbing this peace is you—"
—Was what he was about to say, but Kamito shut his own mouth.
As she spoke, the side of Ellis' face was extremely serious.
He thought that she was a reckless girl who swung her blade on every occasion—his impression of her changed a little.
She possesses the pride of a knight.
The male elementalist, whose mere existence would bring disturbance to the academy.
From the point of view of the leader of the knights, who maintains public morals, she naturally couldn't accept Kamito.
Despite all of it, she could sincerely face and talk to him.
A bit stubborn, but at heart, she was honorable.
"...Hm, why are you glaring at my face?"
Ellis suspiciously frowned her eyebrows.
"Well, I'm sorry for the various teasing from some time ago."
"...? Wh-Why you, suddenly!"
Her embarrassed reaction seemed somehow strangely cute.
Looking inside the large auditorium classroom, no one was there. During this time everyone was out. Perhaps they are all engaged in practical training outside in the training field area.
"It's okay from here, I'll hear the rest later from my classmates. Thanks for your guidance."
"Fu, such gratitude is unnecessary. If there was a failure to properly guide you, you might deliberately lose your way to the toilet later."
"You really have no faith in me......"
At this comparatively caustic line from the departing Ellis, Kamito let out a deep sigh.
Judging from his experience so far on the first day, it would be a tall order to gain the trust of his classmates.
While muttering, Kamito stepped into the empty classroom.
Then, at that moment *swoosh* a slash sounded in the air—
"Gueh!"
A whip forcefully coiled around Kamito's neck.
Being caught by the rough sudden attack, he had been pulled and thrown down in the corridor.
(Wh-What!?)
*Cough* Looking around himself while coughing—
"Kazehaya Kamito!"
Over his head, a familiar voice of a young girl descended upon him.
...Honestly, a voice he didn't want to hear.
"Y-Yo-You have escaped from me, despite being my contracted spirit!"
"Hugh, ug"
"Defying me!"
"Guh!"
Feigning ignorance and trying to whistle, the thing around his neck tightened.
(This sucks.....)
Thrown down flat onto his back, in front of Claire—
A blazing red haired beautiful young girl with her folded arms looking down to Kamito.
The blowing winds from the window caused her uniform's pleated skirt to float in the air.
"Claire, you...."
A deep groan came from Kamito's throat.
"What, do you intend to reason your way out?"
"No, from here, I can slightly see your panties."
"Wha!"
Claire's face blushed, then she quickly restrained her skirt.
"Pe-Pe-Pe-Pervert~!"
*Gogogogogogogogogo......!*
A heat haze was rising from Claire's body.
No. It was not a heat haze. It was a completely burning Astral Zero's flame.
"It seems, you really want to be turned into cinders, Kamito?"
"Wai-Wait, not yet!"
Kamito felt that his life was seriously in danger, and quickly shook his head.
"Black is too early for you."
"...............gu!"
*Strike*— then Claire's whole body solidified.
From her neck to the tip of her ears, it turned deep red liked boiled octopus—
"It-It's not black! It is always white, black is....rarely, what have you made me say, idiot!"
*Fwump*. .......She seemed to have overheated.
Losing her strength, she sunk down to the floor.
Being overly boxed into an ideal princess was her greatest weakness.
.......Is it really okay for an elementalist to be so naive?
"Uugh, this is the second time...... I can't become a bride anymore"
With both of her knees on the floor, Claire began weeping gloomily.
......Somewhat, it looked like he had done something terrible.
"My bad....don't cry, ok?"
Kamito stood up, then approached Claire while she glared at him.
.....Frightening. She could have burnt a person with merely her glare.
She wiped her tears with her uniform sleeve, then clenched her leather whip tightly.
"Kazehaya Kamito."
"Wh-What?"
"I-I'm quite generous, so I'll give you one chance to explain."
Although her tone was calm, obviously her voice was trembling.
........Extremely angry.
"Earlier, why did you escape?"
"No, it's common sense that I would think of escaping."
Kamito unintentionally replied immediately.
An answer—that he immediately regretted.
"......I got it. There's only death for a fugitive slave."
"Wa-Wait, calm down. From a spirit, I have become a slave?!"
"Slave, you're my slave spirit!"
"A new species of spirit was born. How about announcing it to the Spirit Research Agency?"
By the way, in whichever Spirit Forest of the continent, these species of spirit were yet to be discovered.
"Ch-Cheeky slave—No, a slave spirit isn't it!"
"Uwah, I gi.....give, give up, seriously I'll die!"
Forcefully, the whip on his neck ruthlessly tightened, and his consciousness was likely to fly away.
(The knight group, what are they doing! A murder is about to happen inside the academy!)
Looking around in the corridor with no sign of any student.
"By the way—"
Then, Claire's face got closer. Looking rather displeased, she said,
"Sometime ago, you were speaking with the knight group's Ellis Fahrengart, you seemed to be getting along well with her. What does that mean?"
*Cough*, "How could you call that getting along together? She was just guiding me."
"Guide? Why?"
"Because today, I have specially transferred into this academy."
"What?..... You have transferred? Here at Areishia Spirit Academy?"
Claire spread open her eyes, then looked to Kamito's uniformed figure, which she only just noticed now.
"No way....you are a man!"
"Aa. But, you have seen me contracting a spirit."
Kamito nodded, then showed his right hand where the spirit seal was imprinted.
"I'm a male elementalist. That's why Greyworth summoned me here. "
"........"
Therefore, Claire—
Lost in thought, she put her finger on her cherry colored lips.
"Really, what........a transfer student......"
*Pfft* *pfft* She murmured something to herself.
(......If she stays quiet, she looks just like a normal, ordinary cute girl.)
And, while staring at the side of her face, Kamito thought.
Claire suddenly raised her head, then turned to face him.
"Um, because you are here, perhaps, you are also in the Raven class?"
"Yeah. .....does that mean, you are in the same class?"
"Yeah. I'm also from the Raven class!"
Claire spoke with a seemingly cheerful voice. Somehow she seemed awfully happy.
Her smiling face would charm anyone who was unaware.
"Say, since it has turned out this way, I'll give you another chance Kamito."
"What chance?"
"Contract. Without a doubt, this time become my exclusive contracted spirit Kamito."
"Wh-Why do I have to do that?"
"Fu, It's natural! Because you snatched the spirit that should have been mine."
Puffing up with her unfortunate chest, Claire pointed her index finger in front of his eyes.
As always, she put forth an arrogant reason.
(......An annoying girl)
Kamito is really quite irritated. Particularly, with no gratitude for saving her life, he had been called a thief.
—For such an arrogant princess, some proper punishment was needed.
"Okay. I'll bind a spirit contract with you, alright."
Helplessly, Kamito purposely nodded his head.
"........Eh? Um, so, at last you have finally become obedient."
She thought that he would be more resistant. Due to the unexpected response, Claire nodded as though quite bewildered.
"In that case—"
Slowly, Kamito raised Claire's chin by his fingertip.
"Ha? Wha-Wha-What are you doing?"
"Doing? A spirit contract, a high level humanoid spirit contract..... you understand?"
"A......."
Claire's face froze.
A high level humanoid contract.
In short, it was—
"A contract sealed by a kiss, isn't it?"
Kamito said it, and Claire's face blushed red.
"Uh, not, to that extent—you don't have to go that far, I mean, that."
In a panicky irritable tone, she shook her head furiously.
"Eve-Even without any such formality, I don't mind...."
"Are you scared?"
"I-I'm not particularly scared! Um, but, that......"
"Then close your eyes."
Kamito mischievously whispered to a shrinking Claire's ears.
"Eh, wait......hiwaaaa!?"
(.......She is totally green in such things.)[4]
Such a cute reaction, of course I would want to bully her.
Slowly, bringing his face closer to her thin cherry color lips.
"Um, sorry, I apologize......so.....forgive me"
"Too late—"
"Su, so...kyauu!"
Claire gave up then closed her eyes.
(An obedient girl.....)
Kamito smiled bitterly in his mind.
Of course, he did not seriously plan to contract by kiss.
It was a thorough revenge for being tormented by her, but he was not so devilish as to go that far to mistreat a young girl.
Time to let her off—then, as he was about to detach his body, at that moment—
"Hey, you."
He was tapped from behind on his shoulder.
Kamito slowly, timidly turned around.
In that place—
"What are you doing, here in this sacred institute Areishia Spirit Academy?"
A gentle smile floated from the beautiful woman standing there.
She seemed to be in her mid-twenties. Long black hair, and wearing a pair of green black rimmed glasses.
She was dressed in a dark grey suit with a long sleeved white robe on top of it.
"I'm the one in charge of the Raven Class, Freya Grandol. I've heard of you from the headmistress. The Academy's first ever male elementalist."
Wearing a smile that looked like it was pasted on her face, the beautiful woman introduced herself.
However, her eyes were not smiling.
"Now, why did you make our princess cry, bastard?"
Kamito rose up onto the platform, causing some quiet murmurs within the classroom.
That a male elementalist had transferred in, the rumors seemed to have already spread around. But they don't often get the chance to meet a young boy of the same age, so they couldn't hide their anxiety and curiosity from him.
"Is that a male elementalist—"
"He has such vicious looks, like he will kill someone with them."
"Seems like he has already raped Claire Rouge."
"Wh-What is rape?"
"I-I don't know, but....so-something, perverted!"
"However, his delinquent look, is quite cool ♪."
"Don't be fooled by his outward appearance. Because every man is a perverted beast."
"Rumor has it that he was also having an affair with Ellis Fahrengart."
"Eeh, with that super-serious leader of the knights? By the way, what is an affair?"
"I don't know but..... so-something, indecent!"
.......*whisper* *whisper*.
(.......What are they talking about nonsensically?)
Looking around the classroom built like an old theater, Kamito let out a sigh.
The number of students was fourteen or fifteen. Everyone had been brought up as a princess. Almost all of them were looking towards Kamito with interest, but some of the girls seemed really scared.
(Well, It was an expected reaction from them.)
After all, whenever anyone heard about a male elementalist, the first thing that came into their mind was the name of the ancient demon king who brought disaster and chaos to the continent. .....In other words, an excessively bad image.
Inside the classroom, while being showered with sharp glances like needles, Kamito had the urge to immediately run away.
Among them the specially intense glare—came from the red haired girl in the front row.
Claire's glare that could burn people merely by her sight was fixed on Kamito.
"Burn, Burnt, Burning......"
She grumbled with different forms of the word.
Apparently, from a while ago up until now, she still seemed angry. —Obviously.
For that, Kamito reflected whether he had overdone it.
(If I don't properly apologize later...)
"Obliterate into cinders, obliterate into cinders, obliterate into cinders....."
.......don't know whether he would be forgiven when he apologizes.
"Stop chirping. Be quiet. Do you bunch want to lose credit?"
The professor in charge, Freya Grandol, hit the desk with the class list and the classroom became silent.
She was not a teacher of practical skills but a special lecturer and also a member of the spirit research agency who is traveling in every region of the Spirit Forest of the continent performing field work.
"Here, you, hurry up and introduce yourself."
The eye glasses worn by the beautiful woman gave her an intellectual appearance, but if she opened her mouth, it would expose her true colors.
Well, to put it nicely, she had a daring and largehearted disposition. At least, she didn't seem to be a bad person.
Kamito stepped forward in front of the podium, and briefly introduced himself.
"I am Kazehaya Kamito, sixteen years old. However, as you can see, I'm a male elementalist......so, don't be afraid and let us get along with each other, thanks."
It was too simple, but he had nothing else to say.
For secrets that can't be said, there were plenty.
The classmates reaction were—
"Like, ordinary......right?"
"Yeah, ordinary. Not much of a demon king."
(.....oh?)
"However, seems like, I have fallen for him ♪."
"A, see. An aloof look, doesn't he make you want to protect him?"
The once quiet classroom was filled with buzzing again.
(Wh-What is this fluffy sweet feeling?)
Due to the unexpected reaction of the young girls, Kamito was puzzled.
He thought that he would be greeted with chilly eyes or even despising eyes.
However, the reactions that he felt earlier from all of the girls were very light.
Guessing Kamito's doubt, Ms. Freya whispered into his ear.
"Ah, the princesses here have different senses to the commoners. After all, they are constantly handling the most puzzling neighbor to humans: 'the spirits'. Well, rather than criticizing you as a male elementalist, they are just curious in many ways about a young boy of the same age."
(Really? Is that how it is—)
Since it was put that way, it might be a little easier.
"U-Um, Kamito.....you?"
And, one of the girls timidly raised her hand.
"Ye-Yeah, What?"
"Um, umm, wha-what's your favorite food?"
"Eh? Well, anything.....if anything, I like Gratin"
"Ordinary!" "Quite Ordinary!" "I thought he would say Nyoitaimori!" "Cute!"
*Blah blah blah*.
".....What's this. A Nyoitaimori?"
Starting with that girl, one by one, they poured questions towards him.
"Where is your home town?" "Your three sizes?" "Which place do you wash first in a bath?"
.....Princess, It was almost sexual harassment.
However, the one who was asking the question was blushing red all the way to her ears.
"Have you decided on your team yet?"
"Team?"
"Of course the team for this coming Blade Dance"
"Aa—"
The Blade Dance that would be held two months later was going to be in the format of a five person team group battle. Kamito, as one person, couldn't enter by himself, he needed to find other elementalists and form a team.
"As of now, I don't have a team yet. I'm going to start looking for my other fellow teammates now."
In two months, whether he would find such people, he didn't know.
"Is it true, that you have tamed the sword sealed spirit that no one else has been able to contract?"
"Wh?"
Kamito's eyebrow frowned in surprise. It looked like words of the event from this morning had already went around in the academy.
Who on earth—
"Yeah, and I am the one who tamed this Kamito that tamed the spirit!"
Slowly rising, Claire puffed up her almost nonexistent chest proudly.
"......as I thought, you!"
The princesses shrieked together in excitement.
"Kamito, what's your relationship with Claire?"
"Master and her slave spirit!"
"Total nonsense. Don't answer it for me!"
Kamito quickly retorted against Claire who was answering it with her hands on her hips.
"What, an insolent slave spirit."
"When did I become your slave spirit!"
Watching the interaction between these two people, the girls became more and more excited.
The situation was about to be out of control—
*Bam*. Ms. Freya struck her desk. The classroom settled down.
"Arg. Girls, cut it out! You, hurry up and choose your favorite seat."
"Ye-Yes.....!"
Freya sent a lifeboat, Kamito gladly rode on it.
Of course, he preferred to sit as far from the red haired princess as possible. He started walking towards one of the seats in the back.
At that moment. *Pashii*, a torturing leather whip coiled around his neck.
"Arg!"
With his neck being strangled, in that way, he had been pulled backward.
*Cough* *cough*, "What are you doing!"
"Where are you going? Your seat is next to me."
"Hah, who will sit in such a dangerous seat? Uooooh—"
While his neck was being strangled, Kamito tried to move forward.
"Hm, trying to oppose me. I'll show you who's the master!"
*Scratch scratch scratch scratch*...........!
Kamito tried to unfasten the whip, Claire skillfully controlled her whip and prevented him from doing so.
"dddd.....da, mn......"
He couldn't breathe. More and more oxygen ceased to circulate in his brain, at that time.
*Swoosh* the sound of a gust of wind, Kamito's body was suddenly released.
"Oooowahh.......!"
Kamito lost his balance and tripped over the staircase.
What on earth happened—
".......h!?"
Turning around, in front of him standing stabbed into the floor was a sharp arrow.
Not a metal arrow. It's a clear ice arrow sparkling from the reflection of the sunlight.
(......Is this, an elemental waffe?)
The same as Claire's flame whip, the incarnation of their spirit was turned into its weapon form.
Who was it...?
"A disgrace, Claire Rouge."
An elegant voice was heard in the highest part of the classroom.
Kamito staying down on the ground, looked up and there—
An extravagant platinum blonde beautiful young girl, standing with her hands on her hips.
A high class princess, as featured in a painted picture. Her skin is as white as the first snow.
The color of her pupils is a fine emerald green in pale radiance.
A charming smile appeared, calmly looking down at Claire.
".......W-What do you want, Rinslet Laurenfrost?!"
Claire growled in a deep voice. A dangerous color floated in her ruby eyes, it seemed like she would bite at any moment.
"Give up, because he had already said that he wants to sit next to me."
*Hmmp*, combing her platinum blonde hair, declared the princess.
(I have not said anything of that sort—Anyway, it was a big help.)
Kamito was about to stand up when the blonde haired princess gracefully came down the stairs.
She bent down in front of Kamito, and stared at him as though evaluating his value.
As the adorably beautiful girl was intently staring at him, Kamito's eye unintentionally diverted.
"Hmm, the face is not so bad."
Rinslet seemed satisfied, nodded and-
"Hey! You, do you want to become my servant?"
"What?"
Suddenly, she said something unexpected.
"Do-Don't lay your hands on him as you please, this guy is my slave spirit!"
Claire ran up on the stairs, and immediately grasped Kamito's arm.
"When did I become yours."
"Shut up!"
Claire suddenly yanked his arm.
The upper arm touched her breast, Kamito's heart involuntarily beat faster.
Although it was almost nonexistent— She was still a sixteen year old young girl.
A reasonable elastic feeling was all that was needed and his heart would be pounding.
But—
*Fuyoyon~*
On his other arm, an utterly other dimensional sensation could be felt!
"Ah, he does not belong to you, does he?"
Rinslet held Kamito's left arm tightly with both hands.
Different from Claire's pitiful assets, over here there is a considerable...sense of existence.
(Wai-Wait, this is.......!)
Pressed from both sides with a soft feeling, Kamito's face suddenly became hot.
"Re-Release, you fool!"
"What did you say, flat chest!"
A crackling spark scattered from the two princesses glaring at each other.
*Funyu*. *Fuyon~*. Fukyun~*.
......Though it felt great, but if they don't release his arms first, it seemed like his heart would burst.
And, at that time.
"Owawawah, m-milady, don't give more hardship to Mr. transfer student!"
From above the classroom, A young girl in maid clothes came running down.
(.....What the? A maid?)
Kamito spreads his eyes, staring at the young girl's appearance.
A waving long skirt with frills. A short bob trim cut black hair. A white brim that nicely suits her is resting on top of her head.
No matter how you look at it, she's a fine maid.
(........Why is there a maid here in this academy!?)
Since she called her "milady", it seems she is this blonde princess' maid.
But in any case, she seemed to have a more normal personality. Without a doubt, at least she would intervene against this sour dispute. Kamito embraced a dim hope, but at that time...
"Princess......Kyaaaaah!"
The maid fell.
In the middle of the stairs, it was an impressive fall.
"Carol!?"
Rinslet's face became pale.
(......Damn!)
Kamito shook off the two people's arms, and jumped kicking off the floor.
"Hiaaaaaaah!"
Somehow, he caught the screaming and falling maid's flying body. He wrapped his arms around the young girl so as to prevent her head from being hurt, and they tumbled down the stairs.
The two people hugging each other while rolling down, finally stopped.
".......Hm, are you hurt—"
He opened his mouth to say that—and then Kamito's thoughts froze.
In his front. *Fuyon~*, there were large soft things.
Under the neat and tidy cloth of the maid, melons larger than that of Rinslet.
"U......Um, .........uaah, I'm sorry!"
*Fuwa~* Tears began to float in the young maid's black pupils.
*Kaatsu* her face blushed, and while being panicked she tried to stand up—
"He-Hey......mo-mogugugu~!"
The nose of Kamito was pressed more and more by her breast.
(I'm in trouble.....I can't breathe...)
"Kyaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!"
At the sight of two people intertwined with each other, the classroom's young girls raised an excited scream.
"Pe-Pervert!" "As I thought a lewd beast!" "Reincarnation of the demon king!"
"N-No, I'm.........mogugugu.....!"
Hurriedly attempting to deny, his voice was being absorbed by the well rounded breast.
*Gogogogogogogogo.........!*
".......?"
Suddenly, A rumbling sound could be heard from above.
......An earthquake. Perhaps.
Somehow, it has a very, very bad sensation.
Looking up from the valley of the breasts—
There, the shape of Claire holding a blazing flame whip.
"Thi-Thi-This perverted spirit~!"
"Wait, It can't be helped no matter how you look at it...."
"Shu-Shut up, please turn into cinders!"
(Why is it that it always becomes like this.....)
While Kamito groaned hopelessly, the whip ruthlessly swung at him with no mercy.

Good grief. I have suffered quite a lot since coming here.
One hour had passed since then. Slowly rubbing the pain in his back away, Kamito walked through the courtyard of the academy.
Although he had not been turned into cinders after receiving a hit from that flame whip, maybe Claire had held back some of her power. Still, it didn't change the fact that it was quite painful.
Claire must have been getting harshly admonished by Ms. Freya in the punishment room.
Having eluded those female classmates who had enthusiastically pursued him, Kamito finally obtained a moment of peace.
Unlike other students, he had no classes for the afternoon. After all, he had entered the school just now and had not registered for the courses.
Areishia Spirit Academy operated on a credit system in which the students could freely choose their preferred courses so long as they could meet the requirements. Because of the enormous diversity of the contracted spirits of the students, a uniform curriculum wouldn't be able to fully develop the potential of each and every princess maiden.
"For the time being, I'll make some preparations for school life starting tomorrow."
Kamito finally reached his specially prepared dormitory, a hut erected on the side of the stable.
Its appearance now looked even worse than when it was seen from the window. On top of that, it had the smell of cattle.
The door opened with a squeak. Kamito timidly stepped in.
"Hmm, surprisingly, it's not too bad."
Kamito expressed his impression of the interior.
First of all, the bed was clean. Looking from the inside, the room itself was spacious. Straw bed, table, chair, cabinet and other furniture were prepared after all. Cooking utensils were present as well. Anyhow it wouldn't be too troublesome living here.
Kamito immediately laid down on the straw bed, and although it prickled his back a bit, the smell of sun dried straws was good for a comfortable sleep.
"Oh, well, no matter how I look at it, I just need to endure it for two months."
Lying still on the bed, Kamito fixed his eyes on his left hand, covered by the black leather glove.
Two months from now, the Blade Dance would be held in Astral Zero.
Before that, he must find four more teammates in order to enter the contest.
It was not clear what Greyworth would have him do.
But there was something he had to check with his own eyes.
A name that was deeply tied to the fate of his own self.
Participating in the contest of the Blade Dance 3 years ago, the Strongest Blade Dancer.
That accompanying her was a spirit of darkness that took the form of a human girl.
Who on earth were they?
Ren Ashbell shouldn't exist in this world anymore. Besides Greyworth, only a very small number of people were aware of this.
Even though one was just an impostor who gained the title of Strongest Blade-Dancer by fraud, it couldn't be for this reason that the witch took this much trouble to summon him here. Greyworth must be holding a huge secret.
No matter what, to find out the truth, the only way was to directly cross blades with her in the Blade Dance in two months.
"But, in your current state, you won't be able to defeat her." Greyworth had said.
That is most likely true. The witch was not lying. But surely she was not telling the truth either.
In the end, it all comes down to 'the current state'.
But in merely two months, he had to regain what was lost in the past three years.
"..."
....*Guu*, suddenly his stomach growled.
Feeling exhausted, Kamito lowered his arm that was raised towards the roof.
After all, he had not had anything to eat since wandering into the Spirit Forest this morning.
However, he decided to endure his empty stomach.
The reason was that he was out of money. Although there were restaurants for the students in the academy, the price was surprisingly high. This had already passed the level of a school for high class ladies, a school for princesses indeed.
What's the point of one cup of soup being as expensive as a normal folk's salary?
"It can't be helped. Maybe I'll ask Ellis to show me around the academic town tomorrow."
One should be able to find cheaper and delicious restaurants in the academic town at the foot of the hill.
With the cooking utensils, he could also just buy the materials and cook it on his own. For the fire all he needed to do was to go to the Spirit Forest and catch some low level fire spirits.
"Bacon and mushroom pasta sounds really good..."
He got more hungry by thinking about food.
"Should I go to the Spirit Forest and collect some mushrooms now?"
As he started to seriously entertain that thought, from somewhere, the smell of delicious soup flowed in.
"....Hmm?"
Frowning, Kamito got up from the bed.
It seemed the smell was coming in from the gap of the half opened door.
Twitching his nose to inhale the smell, Kamito opened the door...
In front of him was a bowl of soup that gave off white steam.
Filled with a lot of onions and chicken with bones, the soup looked delicious.
"...Am I imagining things, or is this the kindness from heaven for my unending misfortune?"
Drawing a blank because of the hunger, Kamito reached out with his hands towards the bowl without any suspicion.
Suddenly the bowl rose up a bit.
He stretched out his hand again.
Once again the bowl was raised.
Then in front of the Kamito was the face of that princess with platinum-blonde hair.
Her name should be Rinslet Laurenfrost if he remembered correctly.
Behind her, the girl Carol in a maid's uniform stood courteously.
"What's the meaning of this?"
Kamito asked with half-closed eyes[5].
"Fuu, you must be hungry, right? Kazehaya Kamito?"
"Yeah."
Kamito nodded honestly.
"Bark, woof, and then swear that you will be my slave, and I'll let you have this bowl of soup."
Rinslet held the bowl still, and puffed up her large chest.
"I refuse. Bye Bye."
*Bang*.
"Ahh, wait, wait a second. Listen to what I say, you insolent person."
*Bang!* *Bang!* The door was kicked repeatedly.
It would be troublesome if she breaks it. Kamito opened the door again.
"What's that? Are you going to let me have the soup now?"
"Right away if you lick my foot... Ah, why are you closing the door again!"
Rinslet quickly stuck her foot into the gap of the door, like a veteran debt collector.
"Ouch! That hurts!"
That looked painful... What the hell was she here for anyway?
"Are you alright, milady?"
Worried about Rinslet, the Maid, Carol, asked.
Kamito had no choice but to open the door, Rinslet glared at him with tears in her eyes.
"How can you be so insolent after I offered my hands of kindness towards you?"
"No, you... Hands of kindness?"
It appeared that she was serious. Slowly, Kamito's head starts aching.
(Sheesh, all the princesses of this academy are so troublesome.)
Kamito complained inside his mind.
"Ah—"
After Rinslet got a glimpse of the inside of the hut, her face started to twitch.
"Ah, you, why are you living inside a stable?"
"The stable is next door. This is my dormitory. Home is where you make it."
"..."
"Stop looking at me with such pity. It makes me feel sad."
Her face looked like that she was seriously concerned about it. Kamito's attitude softened a little bit.
"Rather than living in a condition like this, you should come to my house. I'll specially hire you as a servant."
"Ah, milady, I believe he will look great if we dress him as a maid."
Carol showed her support with a big smile. (This girl is troublesome as well.)
Well, even so, it seemed as if Rinslet was genuinely worried about his circumstances.
"Your sympathy is appreciated, but I don't plan to throw away my pride." Kamito shook his head.
Displeased, Rinslet perked up her lips.
"So you don't like becoming my servant?"
"That's right. It is no use to try to placate me."
"So full of yourself, even though you wag your tail at Claire Rouge."
"When did I wag my tail at her?" Kamito grumbled with half-closed eyes. Well, many people might think the same—
Could it be that this princess was trying to get close to Kamito mainly out of her rivalry with Claire?
(Yare yare, such an unexpected annoyance.)
Kamito let out a heavy sigh.
"I got it. That's fine with me if that's how you want it." Rinslet cleared her throat, and placed the bowl on the ground.
"Hmm?"
"I'll leave the soup here. From the very beginning it was because Carol cooked too much of it and it will be a shame to waste the leftovers. You should be grateful for my benevolence."
"Eh?"
(This young lady, by any chance)—
Rinslet turned around elegantly and was about to leave.
"Ahh, Wait, Rinslet!"
Kamito suddenly called out.
Rinslet winced and stopped in her steps.
"Wh-What is that? Suddenly calling other people's first name—"
"I can't be your servant, but we can be friends."
"Eh?"
Rinslet's emerald green eyes open wide.
"Thank you for being worried and coming to see me."
"Wh-Wha, you, you insolent. Of-Of course that's not true."
Rinslet suddenly blushed and turned her face away.
"Fufu, milady is so..."
Carol covered her mouth and giggled.
Right at that moment—
"Rinslet Laurenfrost!"
A voice, with which had become familiar to Kamito, suddenly passed into his ears.
Claire was walking towards them, her red twintails swaying.
It appeared that Ms. Freya's admonishing session was finally over.
"Don't feed my contracted spirit without permission, you thieving dog."
"You... Who are you calling a thieving dog!?"
Here we go again, Kamito let out a tired sigh.
"What's that? Isn't your family crest a dog?"
"Why you—Laurenfrost's family crest is a proud White Wolf!"
"White Wolf? Changing it into a Chihuahua fits you better."
"...!"
Provoked by Claire's words—
"Claire Rouge... You really got my dander up." Rinslet said with a suppressed voice.
In a flash, a fog-like chill hung around them. The temperature dropped dramatically.
"Wait, you can't be calling your spirit—"
Kamito hastily called out, but it was too late.
The cold wind swirled. Rinslet's hair flew up, rippling.
—Oh freezing beast with Ice-teeth, merciless hunter of the forest.
—Now is the time to abide the contract of blood, hasten to my side as commanded!
As soon as Rinslet finished chanting the summoning spirit spell, a gust of ice storm engulfed all of the surroundings.
Amid the roaring and swirling blizzard, a figure appeared.
A beautiful wolf, with a coat of silver white fur.
Its body exuded a freezing chill.
"This is..."
"It is the contract spirit of milady, the demon ice spirit Fenrir." Carol said with a smile.
The imposing aura that white wolf carried, was definitely incomparable to a low level spirit.
In regards to ranking between spirits, the white wolf was unmistakably higher than mid-level. To have made contracts with spirits of this level, this young lady was definitely not an ordinary person.
"Well, your dog is still the same, with its coat color barely meritable."
Claire shook her twintails in disdain.
"You... You called it a dog again, You flat chest! I absolutely will not forgive your insult to the family of Laurenfrost!"
Covered with the chilling air, the white wolf roared, and dashed toward Claire.
"Who are you calling flat chest!? Come, Scarlet!"
Claire lashed at the ground with her whip. A scorching hell cat immediately appeared from the twirling rising flames.
It appeared that Claire had long conjured up her spirit already.
"—Hey you two! No fighting with your spirits here!"
Kamito cried out. The horses in the stables neighed in fear.
"I will not forgive you for putting your hand on my slave. I'll end it here today, you thieving dog."
"I'll surely steal your servant and make him mine!"
Sparks burst out between the two girls.
If one listened to these lines only, it sounded like two women in love, fighting over a man.
"The two ladies look like lovers fighting over a man!"
"Carol, you don't have to say that." Kamito looked at the maid standing next to him with squinted eyes.
"By the way, is it really OK to not stop them?"
"That's right. They have always been like this."
"These two girls have always been behaving like this towards each other...?"
"Yes, the relation between the two ladies is very good."
"Is this irony?"
Kamito grumbled with a sigh.
"You have always been an eyesore, Claire Rouge!"
"You are the same, Rinslet! Why do you have to always cause me trouble!"
Demon ice spirit Fenrir—
Flame spirit Scarlet—
The two spirits suddenly jumped up in the air and clashed.
Ice and Fire collided, sending a storm bursting around.
From Kamito's point of view, the levels of the two spirits were almost the same. But it seemed that Claire had an advantage in the skill of mastering the spirits.
However, the flame spirit in her command was apparently quite spent out.
(Because she was beaten up by the sword spirit a few hours ago—)
Receiving such a large amount of damage, she couldn't possibly have recovered by taking a short break.
Kamito observed the fighting of the two spirits.
(Eh? What? ......A burning smell?)
Kamito frowned and looked around.
When the sight came into his eyes, his expression suddenly froze.
It was burning.
Kamito's hut was burning fiercely.
The straws that were stocked next to his hut had caught the sparks of the flame spirit and started burning.
"Ah, mmmmmmm-my home!"
Hearing the cries of Kamito, Claire quickly turned towards him.
"Rinslet! Pause! We got a fire!"
"It is no use to distract me... Huh? It really is burning!"
The hut on fire burned more and more violently. Sooner or later the stables would catch fire too.
"My home—"
"Calm down. A fire of this scale, I'll put it out in no time—Fenrir!"
Rinslet cried out, the ice demon white wolf instantly came back to her side.
Just as one thought that, the white wolf suddenly disappeared in the air, and in Rinslet's hands, a huge Ice Longbow appeared.
Elemental waffe—the second purified form of the spirit.
"Oh freezing ice fang, pierce your target! Freezing Arrow!"
Rinslet drew an ice arrow and shot.
The arrows turned into countless shards of ice and rained down, causing the burning flames to instantly be extinguished.
"Well, with me here it is a piece of cake!"
Rinslet stroked her long platinum blonde hair and puffed up her chest proudly.
"......"
Kamito stood motionlessly with a dumbfounded stare.
By raining-down ice arrows, the hut was smashed into pieces.
"Kohon", Rinslet let out a dry cough.
"...Seems like I went a bit too far."
"This is not called a bit! Don't you have any control over your power?"
"You... Shut up! From the very beginning it was you who lit it up!"
Ignoring the stunned Kamito, those two engaged in an argument again.
At that moment—
"What are you doing!"
The footsteps of several people running from the middle court could be heard.
One of them was the ponytail girl in a silver breastplate.
Ellis Fahrengart, the commander of the Sylphid Knights, whom was in charge of upholding the Academy's discipline.
Behind her there were two girls in the same attire.
Claire clicked her tongue, and Rinslet also didn't bother to hide her face of displeasure.
"It is prohibited to fight due to private matters in school... What!?"
The hastily running steps suddenly stopped.
Her eyes widened, looking dazed at the pile of rubble that was Kamito's home.
Black smoke slowly rose from the charred rubble.
"This is...... What on earth is this?!"
Ellis questioned Kamito, her voice charged with fury.
She drew the sword that hung at her waist, pointing it at Kamito's throat.
"You, you hate the house that I made! Is that it? Is this your act of protest?!"
"No... There is absolutely no such thing! This is because—"
Kamito quickly explained.
"It was this stupid dog who blew it up to dust."
"Before that, this pitiful chest lit it on fire!"
Hearing the voices from behind, Ellis turned around.
Claire and Rinslet, pointed their fingers at each other in accusation.
"... So that's how it was. It was your work, just like always."
Ellis sighed with an expression that said 'I understand'.
"Knight commander, your greeting is more enthusiastic than usual."
"It is the usual greeting, isn't it? Problematic students of the Raven class?" Ellis looked sharply at Rinslet.
Soon, the girls from the Knight brigade who were following Ellis finally caught up.
A girl with tea colored hair tied in braids, and another girl with black hair in a tomboy style.
As soon as they saw Claire and Rinslet, the two girls put on expressions like they had bitten some bitter worm.
"...Hell cat Claire! And Ice Wolf Rinslet!"
"What did they do again this time, these guys from the lowly Raven class?"
In the eyes of the girls plainly floated a contemptuous look.
"...What did you say?"
"What did you utter just now?"
Claire and Rinslet glared at the two girls at the same time.
But the girls completely ignored them, focusing their eyes on Kamito instead.
"Are you that newly transferred male elementalist?"
"Oh, not bad. Very handsome."
The girl with braids looked at Kamito up and down like she was evaluating his value.
The girl's scrutiny made Kamito shrink away in discomfort.
"Wait, this guy is my slave spirit that I caught!"
"I tamed Kazehaya Kamito: he is my servant!"
Claire and Rinslet arbitrarily declared their ownership of Kamito at the same time.
The knight girl with braids sniffed with disdain, and said: "Alas, because nobody wants to form a team with you, you use your sex appeal to seduce the transfer student. Such a fitting style for countryside nobles."
"You dare to call me a countryside noble!"
Rinslet's face suddenly turns livid.
It appeared that the girl stepped on a mine that should not have been stepped on.
"Sure I did. The Laurenfrost family has only a big-name, they are really just country bumpkins."
"You... You... You...!"
"M-Milady. Please calm down—"
"Fu-Fufu-Fu, ...Carol, I am quite calm."
Rinslet revealed a bright smile... Although she tried to be ladylike, her face was still quite scary.
Another girl knight turned to Claire, and scorned: "As for Claire Rouge, although she is a noble, isn't she the sister of a traitor? Really, why did the Academy accept this person for admission—"
At that instant, Claire suddenly lashed at the ground with the whip.
"—Shut up. Or I'll turn you into charcoal cinders."
Claire snarled with a suppressed voice, her voice trembling, her red eyes quietly burning with anger.
(...Claire is the sister of a traitor?)
Kamito frowned.
(...What on earth is the meaning of this?)
The two girls felt the sudden change of atmosphere and fell silent.
"You went too far." Ellis chided the two, then turned to Claire.
She cleared her throat and said: "In short, I will report this instance to the knight headquarters. The charge will be using spirits to start a small fire and causing property damage. We'll give you notice for the specifics of the punishment at a later time. Please refrain from doing such stupid things again. We are busy, you know?"
"Let's go." Ellis said and was about to lead the other two away.
However, from behind came a voice.
"Hold on! Ellis Fahrengart, are you trying to run away?"
"What?"
Ellis stopped, and turned back to Claire who called out to her.
"What did you say just now?"
The calm tone of voice was full of anger. Ellis's hand was on the hilt of the sword at her waist.
"Oh, you heard it? I did not expect the Sylphid Knights to be cowards."
"Claire Rouge, do you think I'll just let it go if someone insults the Sylphid Knights?"
Ellis unsheathed her sword. The other two drew their swords at the same time.
"I'll return that line intact right back at you. You may insult me as you please, but I will not forgive anyone who insults my sister."
Claire struck the ground with her whip.
"I request a duel, Ellis Fahrengart, with the other two as well."
"Let me join as well, Claire Rouge. It is the Laurenfrost family's injunction to take revenge at those who dare to smear the Laurenfrost family name."
Rinslet ruffled her hair, and showed an undaunted smile.
At this point, Ellis pointed the tip of her sword towards these two.
"Well, it will stain the name of the Sylphid Knights if we are accused of running away. I accept the request. I can't stand the mess of your Raven class any longer."
"Hey, isn't it prohibited to fight for private matters?"
At such a precarious intense moment, Kamito instinctively spoke out.
"It is forbidden to fight for private matters within school grounds. Anyway, I have no intention of doing it here."
"What do you mean?"
Ignoring Kamito who was tilting his head, Ellis turned to Claire.
"The time will be 2am tonight, in front of the Gate. I'll leave it to you to decide the format."
"...One-on-one is too much trouble. How about a three-man match."
"That will do."
Ellis nodded and put away the sword, then turned around and left.
Claire glared at the back of the knights and cursed viciously:
"Well, I will let you regret this, especially that short haired girl. I'll definitely kick her ass!"
"Such a good opportunity. I have disliked the bunch from the Knights since long ago."
"Rinslet, try not to be a burden."
"Huh? Who are you saying that to?"
"...Why you two. After destroying the hut, now you are having a duel. Please take mercy on me."
Kamito sighed deeply. Then suddenly he realized.
(Battle as a team of three. So, who will be the third person?)

"As it turns out—"
Claire placed one hand on her waist, and pointed a finger at Kamito.
"It is time to show us your strength, slave spirit!"
"Ahhh... I knew this is how it would be..."
In front of rubble heap that was his former home, Kamito slumped his shoulders in dejection.

(...Sigh, I have totally gotten myself into something troublesome.)
While walking on the stone pavement of the academy, Kamito sighed quite the number of times today. In front of his eyes was the culprit with her red twintailed hair swaying about.
As before he had an empty stomach, he had lost his house and to make matters worse that was the outcome from a duel by fellow elementalists.
...No matter what the circumstances, this is beyond misfortune. It has to be none other than the Dusk Witch's curse.
"Unh, are you grumbling? How unmanly!"
Claire turned around and snapped her fingers.
"My house."
"U..."
Kamito groaned with his eyes half-opened. Claire averted her eyes to look far away.
"Pyromaniac. Criminal."
"...I... I get it! I also feel a little bad!"
She blushed and pouted her lips. It seemed she was at least aware of her crime.
As it was the right moment, Kamito blatantly sighed.
"Oh boy, the homeless me will have to sleep out in the Spirit Forest."
"......"
"Sleeping at night in the Spirit Forest is seriously a suicidal act. But it can't be helped, after all, my house has been completely burnt down."
Kamito dropped his shoulders unnaturally for Claire to see.
Claire gnawed her lips. And then, she tip-toed—
And stared into Kamito's eyes, motionlessly.
Her face was near. Kamito was involuntarily startled as his nostrils were lightly tickled by the scent of a girl.
"...Okay then. I...I'll compensate you, properly!"
"Compensate?"
Kamito's face somehow twitched with a bad premonition.
— Kamito was brought to the front of the female dormitory of the Raven class.
Although it was called a dormitory, it was not a normal building. It was an elegant mansion akin to the residences of upper aristocrats.
"...Eh, what's this?"
"For a while, I'll allow you to freeload in my room. Please be grateful."
"Huh?"
...What did she suddenly propose, this high-class lady.
"After all, if I left you outside, Rinslet would come meddling. And because you are my slave spirit, it is natural for me, the elementalist, to take care of you."
Claire informed him, bending her empty chest.
"No, that's not it... you are still a girl of age and I may do something, did you not consider that?"
"D...Do you plan to do something to me?"
Claire glared. Kamito shook his head horizontally.
"Scarlet will stand watch. If you try to do something...cinders."
"Isn't it a violation of the dormitory rules? A guy like me, entering the female dormitory."
"It's alright, because you will be treated as my contracted spirit. The same as Scarlet."
"That is completely not alright."
Kamito retorted with his half-opened eyes, Claire was fidgeting with her hair irritatedly and thrust her finger.
"Ahh, come on, do you want to stay? Or do you want to turn into cinders? Which?"
"... Why are there only those two choices?"
Kamito dropped his shoulders and sighed in resignation.
Claire's room was on the second floor of the aristocrat residence-like female dormitory.
"Don't make too much noise, because the dormitory secretary is super scary."
"Y...Yes...pardon my intrusion."
For Claire, who is ideally pictured as arrogant, to be afraid of the dormitory secretary, his interest got piqued a little.
While thinking of that, he timidly stepped into the room.
No matter how rough her personality was, Claire was a girl.
In addition, she was an outstandingly, pitifully beautiful girl; even Kamito could not help but admit that.
As expected, when he entered the room, he grew tense.
"—Flame, illuminate."
Claire recited the spirit magic and the room was lit up.
Claire's room was—
"......"
In senseless disorder.
There was a collapsed mountain of a large number of books. Clothes were left crumpled, plush toys and small items and so on, were scattered here and there till there was no place left to stand.
It did not look like a room of a pedigree high-class lady.
"...You should at least do some cleaning."
"U...Usually, Scarlet does the cleaning. Come on, quickly get in."
Claire kicked Kamito's back, sending him to the middle of the room.
"Ouch...good grief, you actually use such a powerful fire spirit to clean the room, if the elementalists across the world hear about it, they'll all cry you know."
"Hmm, Scarlet is different from you, she is clever you know. She also burns the trash."
"Ahh, I see. It is good as long as it's convenient."
As soon as they were arguing, a hell cat, cladded in flames, manifested and started to put the room's trash together and tidy up. ... Indeed, there seemed to be a place where the wastepaper was incinerated.
"...Are you fine with just that?"
If that fire spirit of Claire grew, it could match up with even a large dragon type.
...What a sorrowful sight? Was it being made to do things like cleaning the room?
"Thank you, Scarlet. Good girl."
*Suri suri*.[6] *Nade nade*.[7]
Meow. Meow.
"Are you a cat!?"
Kamito retorted, without thinking, to the fire spirit fawning happily.
(...That proud spirit has been completely tamed...)
Well, if one was gently stroked like that by Claire, whose outward appearance at least was that of a beautiful girl, it was understandable to be completely attached.
For now, since there was no place to stand, Kamito too helped with the cleaning.
A long time ago, because of Greyworth working him hard, housework became his forte.
He started carrying the books that were in a huge pile at his feet to put aside at a corner of the room.
Then, he caught sight of the titles written on the books' front cover.
'The Count And The Naughty Princess', 'Tease Me More, Master!', 'The Princess Abducted By Pirates'... Indeed these are what teenage girls like. There were ten-odd such romance novels, which were intended for teenagers.
"Hmm, so you like this kind of stuff. That was a little unexpected."
"...D... Don't look!"
*Bofun.*
The pillow, Claire threw, landed a direct hit on Kamito's face, and he toppled over and was squashed by the books.
"If you don't want anyone to look, you should have tidied up. I feel that it's no big deal to like such novels."
"S...Shut up, it...it's not like I like them! ... Err, yea, I borrowed them from a friend, so I have no choice but to read them!"
"Hmm, I see. You borrowed fourteen volumes worth of novels that you do not like."
"S...Shut up!!"
*Poka poka poka*.[8]
Claire got partially teary and hit Kamito. It was weak, possibly due to her being embarrassed.
Kamito shrugged his shoulders and placed his hand on the floor to stand up.
And, just then, that hand came in contact with—
(...Hn?)
A cloth that was somewhat nice to touch.
Was it silk? It was soft, silky and very nice to touch.
Unintentionally, he grabbed it. At its edges, white flutters were attached to it.
(—..., white flutters!?)
With his face twitching, he stared at his hand.
Kamito's hand tightly grasped an undergarment attached with fine laces.
...Surprisingly, it was a rather mature silk panty.
Cold sweat broke out on his forehead.
"Hn, what are you doing?"
"Owaa!?"
Kamito got flustered and stuffed it into his pocket.
—..., what was he going to do stuffing it in!
(What am I doing! Doesn't this make me a real pervert?!)
"What? Why are you so shocked?"
Claire frowned and drew her face near with suspicion.
"N...No, it's nothing!"
Kamito stood up while shaking his head. Was there a topic he could distract her with? He looked around... then he realized.
"...By...By the way, about this room, don't you have a roommate?"
Even if this was a dormitory of the academy attended by princesses, the room was a little too big for one person to be living in it.
With the room so messed up, wouldn't the roommate girl get angry?
Speaking of which, was it good to take in a guy without even getting permission from her roommate?
Thereupon, Claire tightly bit her lips and looked downwards.
"I don't. Nobody wants to be in the same room as someone like me."
"...? Don't tell me, you do not have a single elementalist partner?"
"W...Who needs things like partners. As long as I have a strong spirit, I, alone, am more than enough."
Claire folded her hands and declared so; she looked like she was pretending to be tough with all her might.
(...Why is it so?)
This person sure had a hard personality but, as an elementalist, her ability was top class.
He thought with such ability, she could ignore any team, however.
"But without gathering 5 people, you can't enter into the Blade Dance."
"...I... I'll manage it somehow. If I have to, I'll somehow gather up just that number of people."
Claire averted her line of sight awkwardly.
It seemed like she did not want to touch on this topic.
"Ig...Ignoring that, you are hungry, right?"
Claire cleared her throat forcefully.
"Hn, Ah... your long-awaited soup, which you blissfully received, was wrecked."
It was a certain somebody's fault, Kamito glared scornfully at Claire.
"Hmm, it can't be helped. Today, I'll specially feed—treat you."
"Did you say feed? Did you say that?"
"It was your imagination. Come on, bring out that table."
While sighing, Kamito took out the table.
Claire started lining up a large amount of canned food, taken from the shelves.
Canned tuna. Yakitori. Salted cod. Vegetables boiled in soy sauce. Beef stew....etc.
Kamito was dumbfounded and looked down on the pyramid of cans. Canned foods were preserved foods that soldiers carry with them on a long campaign. It was at least not dinner for a high-class young lady attending the academy.
"...W...Why is it nothing but canned food? It is definitely bad for the body, you know."
"What a foolish question, it's because I like canned food."
"No, no matter how much you like it, having just canned food is just—"
"What, it's no problem, after all I like them. If you have any complaints, then I won't give them to you."
Claire embraced the mountain of canned food with a sullen face. That face of hers was subtly red.
With that, he got it.
...Aha. That's right.
"You can't cook, right?"
After directly pointing it out, Claire stiffened her back.
"Th...Th...Th...That's not it!"
"That reaction revealed it all. Even if the mouth lies, the body is honest."
"D...Don't speak so lewdly, idiot!"
"To misinterpret a very normal speech, I think that you're the lewd one. You read too much of those novels. Claire is a lewd young lady."
"U..uuuu!"
Tears flowed out faintly from her red eyes, Claire bit down on her molars.
...He's done it. He had teased her a little too much.
(...What should I say, I unintentionally ridiculed her.)
The result of going overboard was frightening. Kamito honestly apologized.
"S...Sorry... It was my bad. I said a little bit too much."
"....!"
Claire was groaning. Like a wild animal of the feline family.
"S..Such a glare... how about, to make it up to you, I'll make dinner?"
With that, Claire, with her bristled hair, opened her eyes.
"You can cook?"
"Well, it's pretty much my forte. Do you have seasonings?"
"Such things are at the shared space at the front of the dormitory."
"Okay, if I arranged things a little, even these canned foods will become something like a cuisine. As for the fire—"
"Scarlet."
Claire snapped her fingers and Scarlet breathed out a small fire ball.
The fire ball drifted lightly in the air and stayed still on top of Kamito's hand.
"...This is convenient."
"I know!"
—And with that, after a few minutes.
In the room, the sound of something being fried resounded.
Spinach, bacon and sliced garlic were fried with butter.
Next to the frying pan, there was pasta just enough for two, boiling in a pot.
"If I recall right, she said she likes it al dente."
He chewed one piece of pasta to check.
"Hn, this is just right. Claire, where are the cutlery—"
He put down the frying pan and turned around... There was no one in the room.
"...Eh? Where is she?"
He looked around the room restlessly.
The hell cat, lying down near his feet, purred and reached out its forelimb.
Once the fire was extinguished, he looked at the front of its forelimb—
From the other side of the door in the room, a faint water sound could be heard.
"Oh, she's showering."
The shower installed in the room was a type of spirit device, which used the power of the water spirit.
To be clean in both mind and body at any time was—the ironclad rule of elementalists.
Kamito, feeling relieved, ignited the fire once again—
(... Shower!?)
He turned around again.
(W...Why... is she so thoughtlessly defenseless at such a vital moment!)
"..."
Kamito swallowed his saliva.
*Saaaaaaa*—
Once he was aware of it, the sound of running water, which resounded in the room, sounded strangely bewitching.
Even if she has a child-like chest, she is still a sixteen year old girl.
Furthermore, her face, without flattery, was cute. Extremely cute.
Her chest was quite a shame but... nevertheless, it was there.
Suddenly, the memory of meeting her in the forest this morning revived.
Her beautifully nude body, with red hair clinging to it.
That properly elastic sensation his hand touched.
(Waaa, don't recall it, me!)
He shook his head, shaking off his worldly desires.
At that moment.
"Kyaaa!"
He heard a shriek from the bathroom.
Kamito was taken aback and came to his senses.
(... A scream?)
Perhaps she lost control of the water spirit, causing cold water to come out.
(No, an elementalist of her level should not fail in controlling the spirit device—)
"Nooooooooo!"
*Bam!* The bathroom door suddenly opened and Claire dashed out.
"Wha..!?"
Her dripping wet hair disheveled—
She ran nude towards him in a straight line.
"... Hey, what's with your appearance—"
Then, Kamito's hair froze.
She was—not nude.
She was nude, but she was not exactly nude.
Transparent jelly-like water was twining itself slimily around her smooth, bare body!
"What's wrong!? What the heck is—"
"...K...Ka...Kamito, he...lp me...!"
In front of his eyes was Claire, who collapsed on the floor and was gasping in agony.
"...No, don't look... idiot....Aaaa!"
*Biku, bikun!*
Claire turned red and her nude body was jumping about like it was convulsing.
(...Sorry. It is impossible to not get excited!)
Kamito got flustered and averted his line of sight. On the other hand, hearing the heavy breathing, stimulated his imagination.
"Ah... Hyaa... don't...do... that..."
It seemed that the water spirit of the spirit device went wild. Claire was frantically trying to control it, but there was no way she could do it in that condition.
"Hold on, I'll help you right now!"
Kamito closed his eyes and concentrated.
"Unruly spirit of water, comply with my command and settle down!"
While he softly murmured the spirit words of Chinju, his right hand was charged with divine power—
"Claire, grab my hand!"
"No, ahh...h!"
While Claire lets out a hot long breath, she somehow reached out her hand.
The moment the tip of their fingers touched.
*Paan!*
The water spirit, which was running wild, had its form dissolved and immediately returned into water.
Claire stayed collapsed on the flooded floor and with her face flushed; she was breathing roughly.
Her untied red hair clinging onto her skin was strangely erotic.
Kamito turned away in a fluster.
"What's wrong? With an elementalist of your level, how did such—"
"U... Erm, when I was using the shower, the water spirit suddenly went crazy... such a thing has never happened before."
While Claire moaned, she slowly got up.
"Fo...For the time being, why don't you wipe your body. You will catch a cold after all."
Kamito, with his face turned away, took out and handed over a handkerchief from his pocket.
"Th...Thank you..."
Claire nodded and accepted it—
....
"Hey, Kamito"
"Hn. What is it?"
"What is the meaning of this?"
Claire's voice trembled.
Moreover, somehow the room's temperature had rapidly risen.
"Ah"
Kamito finally realized it.
....That was right. What was in his uniform's pocket was not a handkerchief.
That was something he hid in a fluster a while ago.
That silky panty.
*Gogogogogogogogogogogo....!*
In Claire's hand, an earnest flaming ball of spirit magic was born.
"Wa...Wait, calm down. You're mistaken, this is a mistake, if I explain, you'll—"
"Shut up! T...Turn into cinders, you pervert—!"
"Kamito, get me another serving!"
"...You sure can eat. You'll get fat, you know."
It was minutes after that event. The table was lined up with numerous plates of Kamito's home cooking.
There was tuna potato salad to go with the spinach-and-bacon pasta. Pumpkin potage with gratin from the canned salmon, and for dessert, there was fruit yogurt.
They were made using the canned food, of which a great amount was found on the shelf as ingredients; however, Claire seemed full of praise. The act of her gleaming her eyes and stuffing her cheeks with pasta was somewhat awfully cute.
The fire spirit, in the form of a hell cat, was also devouring the canned tuna beside Claire.
Spirits can maintain their own existence, so they do not need material sustenance. However, among the high ranking spirits, there were also some rare ones that like human food. Although, it was only as a luxury.
"No problem, I have a constitution that doesn't get fat."
Claire placed pasta on the plate and said that with a nonchalant face. Certainly, using spirits consumed physical strength, so it was true that there were a lot of ladies with a slender figure.
"Hey, don't eat the dessert early. Despite being a high-class lady, you have bad manners."
"Unh, shut up! That's up to me, right, you panty thief!"
"Guu....."
Kamito groaned. Once she said that, he could not say anything back.
"You are demoted from slave spirit to panty thief spirit."
"... What kind of spirit is that?"
Somehow, another new variety of spirit was born.
"You really are the worst. O...Of all things, you stole my number one favorite panty!"
"I have been saying it wasn't on purpose!"
"What? Are you being defiant?"
Claire glared.
"...No, sorry."
Kamito bowed his head in embarrassment. Well, no matter how much he thought about it, it was his own fault this time.
While Claire put the tuna potato salad into her mouth, she caught a glance of him.
"Well, I'll recognize your cooking skills at least. This is very delicious. If you make meals for me every day, I'll promote you to cooking spirit."
"I'm grateful for that. By the way, those are almost like words of proposing."
Upon pointing that out. Claire's face turned bright red.
"D...Don't be an idiot! Do you want to be turned into cinders? Come on, do you want to be turned into cinders?
"I..I get it, so stop pointing the fork at me."
"Hmm... n...next time you say such idiotic things, I'll really burn you!"
Claire pouted her lips and turned away.
Kamito sighed in relief while he cut and divided the salmon gratin.
"...If only there was some soy sauce, this would be much better, but..."
"What's that? Food?"
"It's a seasoning circulated in my hometown. Well, you can't get it here though."
Kamito shrugged his shoulders and said that—
"Hometown, huh...."
Claire murmured with her eyelashes slightly lowered.
Somehow—she had an awfully lonely expression.
After that, for a short while, there was only the sound of cutlery being used.
After eating that satisfying dinner, Claire's mood also got a little better.
Somehow, there was a calm atmosphere.
Kamito suddenly raised his head and looked at Claire.
—He felt that it could be asked now.
He had wanted to ask her, since meeting her this morning in the forest, but did not have a chance to.
"By the way, you—"
"What?"
Claire placed down her cup of black tea.
"Why do you want such a powerful spirit?"
It was a simple question.
Despite using a spirit such as Scarlet, she still risked harming her body to reach out to a sealed spirit. He wanted to know the reason for that.
"..."
Claire—
Cast her slightly perplexed eyes down and murmured.
"There's someone I want to meet no matter what."
"Someone you want to meet...?"
Kamito dropped his sight to his left hand, concealed in his black leather glove.
What he lost three years ago, an irreplaceable, important bond which was there—
(So, she's the same as me...)
The scar engraved at the back of his hand ached.
Claire sighed and inserted her hand into the neckband of her uniform.
"...Yeah, I'll say it. Something that I can't help but hide."
What she took out from her chest was a small pendant with silver chains.
At the very center, a shiny crimson red spirit crystal was inserted in it.
Kamito saw a crest engraved there—and raised his voice in surprise.
"A flame lion... the crest of Elstein duke family!?"
Claire silently nodded.
The Elstein duke family. The grand nobles who had served the royal family for generations ever since the founding of the Ordesia Empire.
It was the noblest of the nobles, turning out one of the five princess maidens, who stood at the top among all elementalists, — Queen, who served directly under the five great Elemental Lords.
No—that should have been so.
—Till four years ago, when that incident occurred.
Rubia Elstein.
The one who brought a great unprecedented calamity to the Ordesia Empire—The Calamity Queen.
She too, same as the girl in front of him, had burning-like crimson red hair.
"Don't tell me, you're..."
"Yes, I am the Calamity Queen—Rubia Elstein's—little sister."
Claire looked straight into Kamito's eyes and nodded.
"..."
Claire Rouge. He had thought that it was an alias.
But, by no means—
(... I see. What she cast away was the Elstein family name.)
In this large continent, there was no one who did not know about that incident.
Four years ago, the Queen, serving under the fire Elemental Lord—Rubia Elstein, suddenly snatched the strongest flame spirit, Laevateinn from the shrine and disappeared.
After learning of the Queen's treachery, the outraged flame Elemental Lord got fired up and went into a frenzy.
It burned everything related to Elstein duke's territory, including the Ordesia Empire's land, the empire took enormous damage. And that did not put the Elemental Lord's anger to peace, about a year after that, no matter what method was used, not a single fire could be lit within the Ordesia Empire.
Nobody knew why the fire Queen disappeared.
The Ordesia citizens furiously cursed her and, filled with hatred, called her-
—The Calamity Queen.
"I want to meet my elder sister. When I meet her, I want to hear the truth."
For that, she had to get strong.
She had to obtain the strongest spirit.
With the reward given to the winner of the Blade Dance—
For the sake of obtaining the right of granting just one desired Wish.
Claire's expression was filled with a tragic determination.
"Besides—"
Claire slightly looked down and muttered.
"This round's blade dance has that Ren Ashbell participating."
"...!? Kehoo, kehoo—"
Once that name came out from Claire's mouth, Kamito reflexively coughed.
"...? What's wrong?"
"Aaah, that's bad..."
Ren Ashbell was the winner of the last Blade Dance.
She suddenly appeared three years ago, the strongest blade dancer.
That blade dance was splendidly vivid. At the finals, even with Numbers candidates of elementalists, she overwhelmed them.
Due to her dedicated blade dance, the flame Elemental Lord's rage was finally appeased.
"Three years ago, I saw her blade dance at the assembly hall. I also feel that I want to be like that, a noble, strong elementalist."
Claire blushed and looked down a little embarrassed.
"Ever since that day, I've always admired her...."
"...I see."
Kamito looked at Claire with a complicated expression—calmly grasping his fist tightly.
...After that, it was a strangely quiet time.
They tried to talk about anything a number of times, but all of it did not last long.
Claire yawned cutely after eating up the dishes on the table. After filling her stomach, she seemed drowsy. Well, she did use a spirit of Scarlet's level twice in one day, so it was natural.
"Wake me up when it's time. If you do something funny, cinders."
"...Wait. Does that mean I have to stay awake for the whole time?"
Kamito complained, and in front of him, Claire was making sleeping breaths.
She had an astonishing ease at falling asleep.
"...Good grief, you'll catch a cold!"
Kamito carried Claire's petite body up like a princess.
He carried her to the bed in the corner of the room.
Scarlet walked and jumped onto the bed.
(...Even so, this girl's sleeping face is truly angel-like.)
While looking at the face, making the gentle sleeping noise, Kamito smiled bitterly.
When he put Claire to the bed, her cherry lips faintly moved.
"Elder Sister....Father...Mother..."
(Sleep-talking... huh?)
He seemed to have somewhat heard something he should not.
Certainly, after the incident of the Calamity Queen disappearing, Elstein duke family's territory should have been seized and the duke and his wife imprisoned in the Balsas prison—
"...Hn, Kamito."
"...!?"
He was shocked when his name was called suddenly.
"Ahh, what are you doing, pervert...idiot."
"...What kind of dream is she having!?"
Kamito muttered while sighing, as he stared at his hand.
After that day three years ago, he hid his left hand with a leather glove.
(You and I are the same, Claire.)
(These three years, I have stayed alive to get back my important person.)
Due to his error, he had lost her, his former contracted spirit—
At the same instant, in every room of the female dormitory Claire lived in, a little incident occurred.
The spirits used in the spirit devices in the kitchen, bathroom and etc. suddenly began to go out of control.
After the spirit investigation party investigated the dormitory, it brought it to an end with meager words that the incident was of an unknown cause—

In the darkness illuminated by the blue moon—a black-winged angel gently alighted at the academy tower.
It was a black haired girl, dressed in a jet black dress.
The girl landed gently on the roof of the female dormitory and smiled pitifully.
"—I wanted to meet you, Kamito."
On the girl's palm, wriggling lumps of darkness were floating.
"But you're still not the true you."
She reached her hands to the empty sky and the darkness colored orbs drifted and disappeared in the night sky.
"That's why, I'll offer up my memories."
The girl chuckled.
Like a cruel little girl.
Like a pure demon.

—It was 2 am. The time when the academy students slept and forest spirits began stirring.
On the stone paved path illuminated by the moonlight, Kamito was walking alongside Claire.
"The academy at night has an atmosphere that is very different, "
"Of course, night is the time for spirits."
Claire kept facing front and bluntly replied. Solid sounds of walking resounded loudly.
Since some time ago, Claire had not said much. She might be tense about the duel with the Knights.
"Where are you planning to do it?"
Private battles should be prohibited within the academy according to academy regulations. Is there a place for a duel outside?
"Over there—"
Claire abruptly stopped.
In front of what she was pointing, there was a gigantic stone circle.
Its ground was dimly shining in bluish-white.
"That's the—Astral Gate!"
"Yea, the gate that connects this world with the Astral Zero. The reason why the academy was built in such a remote place."
"...I see."
He was surprised that there was a Gate within the academy premises. That stone circle was perhaps a prehistoric ruin, which was used with an unknown art. It probably had a function to stabilize the unstable Gate.
"Isn't it dangerous? There are spirits that cannot be controlled by humans roaming about in the Astral Zero."
"You see, that Gate connects to a safe area where there are only low-level spirits. If not, the academy wouldn't leave it alone, right?"
Claire murmured stupid, and stepped into the middle of the stone circle.
She recited the words of opening the gate in the spirit language and the blue light on the ground further increased its brightness.
"Come on, you, faster! Get on too."
Led by Claire, Kamito hurriedly jumped on top of the formation of lights.
At that moment, his field of vision was filled with a white flash.
He had a feeling that his whole body was attacked with dizziness. And then—
...
—After opening his eyes, a scenery of another world spread out.
There was a deep dark forest with twisted trees standing tall.
Shining brilliantly in the night sky was a blood-like red moon.
There was a pale purple smoke-like fog shrouding nearby.
Astral Zero—another world, which spirits live in.
"If it's here, nobody can disturb us. Even if we were injured, it would not be serious, so this place is often used by the academy students for duels."
A situation in which such a thing occurred, the physical body of humans possessing divine powers would be treated the same as spirits, this meant that there's almost no physical damage received.
Naturally, this was not absolutely safe. Pain was felt normally; in exchange of the physical body not receiving damage, the mind would suffer an equal damage.
To fall into a lethargic state was still a good thing, but in the case of receiving a serious injury, one would receive severe memory impairment and the destruction of the mind, there was also the possibility of not regaining consciousness.
"—Flame, illuminate."
Claire recited the spirit magic and a small fire ball was born on her palm, dimly lighting up a narrow open path in the middle of the forest.
"Let's go, Kamito."
Claire gently brushed her twintails and calmly walked.
"Do we have a chance of winning?"
"That depends on your ability. ...Honestly, it might be a little hard."
"Is that so?"
Kamito was surprised. For an elementalist of Claire's level, it was unexpected of her to say such a thing.
"Putting aside the other two, Ellis is strong. She isn't the Knights leader just for show. Besides, Scarlet exhausted some strength from this morning's fight with the sealed spirit. Rinslet's ability is—well, at least I recognize it, but her teamwork is the worst."
"...That was a surprisingly calm battle strength analysis. I thought you were the more impulsive type."
"You, what do you see me as?"
"A dangerous fellow, who instantly swings a whip—Ouch!"
*Pashii*— A whip was promptly swung down onto Kamito's back.
...After walking a while, there was a historic ruin of a gigantic theater in the forest.
It was something from when Astral Zero and the human world were one—a long gone mythical era.
The crumbling looking stone gate greeted the two. It seemed that here was the stage for the duel.
"First of all, you, the sword elementalist, are the attacker. Rinslet and I will provide cover."
"I've got the most dangerous role! Isn't it your duel?"
"What! Do you have a complaint? Alright, if that's the case, I'll let you choose a position. Attacker or cinders, which do you like?"
"I get it. I'll be the attacker."
"A wise decision."
Claire nodded seemingly satisfied.
"By the way, you can properly handle that contracted sword spirit, right?"
"Hn, ahh...probably."
"...Probably? What do you mean?"
Claire's eyes lifted up with danger. Kamito backed off in a panic.
"Well, you see, isn't it bad if it was summoned poorly and went out of control? That's why, I have not summoned it even once since I contracted it this morning."
That was somewhat of an explanation—he thought. Actually, it was half of the explanation.
The truth was that, by contracting with another spirit, he felt guilty in regards to her.
He felt a sense of betrayal about using a new contracted spirit.
"You succeeded in contracting in just one try, therefore there should be little chance of losing control but—well, it is a sealed spirit with a history and it certainly won't be funny if anything happened."
However, Claire seemed to have agreed for once.
"For the time being, try releasing your elemental waffe. You are able to do that, right?"
"A...aahh... Yeah."
The releasing of an elemental waffe was not something anyone could do but—
(Can't seem to get into the mood, it can't be helped—)
Kamito closed his eyes and concentrated his consciousness to the spirit seal engraved on his right hand.
"Dispassionate Queen of Steel, the sacred sword that destroys evil—"
He recited the summoning in the spirit language and the crest of two swords crossing faintly shined.
The path with a contracted spirit would be normally connected—however,
(What?)
...It was strange. He could not feel the presence of such a powerful sealed spirit.
No—he could pick up its presence, but it was as if something wasn't right, like gears not fitting together.
"—Now form a sword of steel and be the power in my hand!"
At that moment, small particles of light gathered at Kamito's palm.
And then, what appeared was—
"..."
One short sword.
To be more precise, it was a small sword almost like a knife.
...*Shin*. An awkward silence arrived.
"...Is that the sword spirit's elemental waffe?"
Claire said with her face twitching.
For an incarnation of the powerful sealed spirit that cut down Scarlet in one blow—
...Honestly, it was too shabby.
"D...Don't judge it by its appearance, it might actually have an amazing ability."
"Y...eah, that certainly may be true!"
Claire nodded for a moment while having a stiff expression.
Kamito tried cutting a buckwheat tree as a test.
*Bekii*. The short sword very easily broke and vanished.
"..."
"...Ahh, how should I say it, it's probably that."
Kamito bore the frozen Claire's gaze and calmly opened his mouth.
"To tell you the truth, this is the first time I've used a contracted spirit in three years. I have yet to regain that feeling."
"...Huh?"
Claire blankly opened her mouth to that shocking confession.
"You're lying... after all, didn't you easily tame that sealed spirit!?"
"That time was because I was frantically trying to save you. To be honest, I don't really understand myself how I succeeded in contracting it."
No matter how powerful a spirit one contracted with, there was no point if one could not fully draw out that power. When an inexperienced elementalist contracted a spirit beyond his means, it was often the case that its power would be too much to handle.
(...However, for my case, it's a little different.)
Kamito stared at his left hand, inserted in a leather glove.
(Probably, within my sub-consciousness, I thought about her.)
—Therefore, he could not connect the path with the new spirit.
"Wh..Wha..What's with that..."
He heard a dead groan. After lifting her head, Claire was tightly grasping a leather whip, used for training animals, with her shoulders trembling.
"No, I mean, um, my battle strength is lacking..."
"What do you mean! I am counting on your battle strength!"
*Pishii!* *Pishii!* *Pishii!*
"Ouch! Wait..stop!"
A tempest of unforgiving whips descended onto the escaping Kamito.
Then, there—
"What in the world are you doing? Claire Rouge."
From the other side of the dark tree grove, that voice was heard.
Claire stopped her whipping and sullenly turned around.
The ones who appeared were Rinslet and the maid Carol.
"You're late, Rinslet."
"Aah, a lady getting dressed takes time."
Rinslet proudly brushed her extravagant platinum blonde hair.
"...? What, is Carol here too?"
"Of course, as milady's supporter."
After Kamito heard that, Carol brought out a flag, seemingly from nowhere and began swinging it.
"By the way, why were you whipping Kazehaya Kamito?"
Rinslet placed her index finger at her chin and frowned dubiously.
That was—before Claire answered, Carol interrupted.
"Milady, that's something unrefined to listen to."
"What do you mean?"
"That was a form of a slightly unusual love. In a unique way, that was a perverted play."
"Ehh! Is that right, you two!?"
"T...Th..T..That's not it! W...What are you saying, you stupid maid!"
Claire's face became bright red as she denied it.
...Indifferently, he wanted the fuse-blowing whipping to stop, as it hurt.
(...Why am I already worn out before the duel.)
Kamito began to seriously think about the absurdity of his life. At that moment.
"—Your side seems to be all present, Raven class."
A frigid voice descended from right above.
"...!?"
The four of them looked upwards together.
There, above the crumbling theater wall was—
A figure of a gallant female knight with her blue hair fluttering in the gentle breeze.
Beside her, two knights, also wearing the same silver armor, were standing.
He heard their names from Claire. The one with the short hair was Rakka. The one with the braiding was Reishia.
"—Ellis Fahrengart, for how long were you here!"
"By the way, you wouldn't by any chance be waiting for a chance to appear at a cool moment, right?"
"Wha... T...There's no such thing! I just only got here!"
After Kamito pointed it out with his half-opened eyes, Ellis was frankly disturbed and ended up almost falling.
...Somehow, that was a rather deplorable look for a Knights' leader.
Ellis sharply glared at Kamito and the rest, and drew her sword from her waist.
"Let's go, Raven class. Let's finish this duel by day break—"
At that moment. The illumination of a large flame lit the stage of the theater.
The one shined on by that illumination—
"That's—!?"
A large eagle was spreading its enormous wings and making an appearance in the red night.
"Let me introduce to you, Kazehaya Kamito. This is my contracted spirit—demon wind spirit, Simorgh!"
With a howl like the wind—The large eagle, clad in wind, swooped down.
At a point of an attack in-place of a greeting, —
The demon wind spirit glided closer and dived with its aim at the ground, where the four were.
An ear-splitting thunderous roar. Stone paving came unstuck and large amounts of earth and sand were whirled up.
A strong wind, brought forth from the force of the explosion, hit Kamito and his body was easily blown away.
"...Gahaa!"
He was thrown into a wall. With that bone shattering impact, he stopped breathing for a moment.
Even if one received an attack of a spirit of a purified form, the physical body cannot be hurt, however, the physical damage from a crashing impact and fragments of rubble were different. Small rocks fluttering up in the squall were cutting at Kamito's whole body. While covering his forehead with both his hands, Kamito clicked his tongue.
(...What destructive power! If I took a blow directly, I'll faint.)
That demon wind spirit... Simorgh.
Comparing just destructive power, it might surpass even Claire's Scarlet.
(That's right, where's Claire?)
He stood up and surveyed his surroundings, his two allies were at their respective positions.
Claire was providing direct cover from a mid-distance. Rinslet was providing rear support with a long distance attack.
Carol was...waving a flag at the outside of the theater where she had escaped to.
The thunderous wind that was blowing violently stopped. At that interval, Kamito began to run—
"Not yet, Kamito!"
"...!?"
At the same time Claire shouted, the roar of the demon wind spirit resounded.
From an empty large hole in the ground, a large demon bird flapped its wings—
"What are you doing, quickly release your elemental waffe!"
"Hn, even if you say that—"
At that moment, a cluster of wind that held an enormous mass gouged the earth while rushing over.
The stone paving came ripping off in a straight line. Kamito quickly jumped sideways.
While tumbling on the ground, he quickly recited the summoning of the spirit language in his mouth.
The spirit seal faintly glowed, but as before, the path with the contracted spirit was not connected.
(... It's no good, huh!?)
Just as he was about to give up, a glowing short sword was constructed in his palm.
It was the same unreliable elemental waffe, but it was better than nothing.
"Are you just escaping? Kazehaya Kamito, I have misjudged you!"
Ellis, with a pony-tail hair swaying, alighted onto the ground.
"Ahh! I just have to fight, right—"
Kamito prepared the short sword and charged towards Ellis. The first to strike wins. If he defeated the elementalist first, then the summoned contracted spirit would vanish—
"Kamito, behind you!"
Claire's voice came from behind him—Kamito jumped straight to the side.
The wing of the demon wind spirit mowed down at the place Kamito was at just now.
"... What speed!"
Among the five grand spirits, the ones boasting of being the fastest were the wind-attribute spirits. And Ellis was completely controlling one of them.
The demon wind spirit, dancing in the night sky, turned in an arc—and swooped down.
Kamito jumped again. The demon wind spirit that crashed into the ground blew up a large quantity of earth and sand—and then it immediately transformed into countless blades of the wind and cut into Kamito's arms.
"...Kuu!"
Tremendous pain was running in his right arm. Actually, it did not mean that his arm was cut off—but that pain was violently jolting his consciousness.
(—Well, I never thought it'd turn into the blades of wind with that timing.)
Kamito was astonished in his mind. Ellis's competency as an elementalist was something substantial.
"Kamito, I'll cover you!"
At the same time as her voice, a blazing flame illuminated the night sky red.
Claire wielded Scarlet's elemental waffe—Flame Tongue.
The flame slash mowed down all the attacking blades of the wind in an arc—
"I won't let you interfere with the leader!"
The braided hair knight, Reishia, attacked Claire.
The elemental waffe held in her hand was a transparent ice sword—it seemed she was also an ice elementalist like Rinslet.
Nonetheless, her spirit's rank was completely no match for Rinslet's Fenrir. It seemed she had the competency to release her contracted spirit into its elemental waffe, but she had not made it hers yet.
She was not good enough to be a worthy adversary for Claire—Kamito concluded so and adjusted his direction to Ellis, who was in front of him.
In that moment, simultaneous with a violent blasting sound, the ground in front of him was being completely gouged.
"...!?"
"Huh, try taking on my elemental waffe—Rock Breaker!"
The short-haired knight, Rakka, shouted in a spirited tone.
Her specialized weapon was a large hammer with a long handle, which was easily being swung about by the thin arm of a girl.
Kamito jumped and backed away, getting some distance between them. She seemed more hot-blooded than Reishia.
While keeping his distance, he was chasing Ellis, who was within his sight—
Ellis had linked with Rakka's attack and was already moving.
As expected of the Knights' leader, Ellis' commanding ability was high.
First, she was to use her demon wind spirit to launch a preemptive attack to cause chaos on the battlefield. Next was to strike Claire on mid-guard with Reishia and Kamito on advance-guard with Rakka. While the two were pinned down, Ellis with the most battle strength would attack Rinslet on rear-guard. That was the so-called strategy.
(... Before attacking Ellis, firstly, I have to do something about this fellow.)
Kamito nimbly stepped in and let loose a slash. The flash of the silver sword shallowly cut Rakka's arm.
As it was an attack from an elemental waffe, blood did not flow out—but pain should be felt in the same way.
"This guy...!"
Rakka's face was dyed in anger. She aimed at the top of Kamito's head and swung her Rock Breaker down.
There was a thunderous roar. The ground was gouged and rubbles were whirled up. It was probably a spirit of the earth attribute. As expected, its destructive power is great, but its movement was a large swing, making it easy to avoid.
"Chii, how restless!"
She too seemed to have yet to master her elemental waffe. Or perhaps, her contracted spirit's rank in contrast to her competency was too great—The spirit she was supposed to be using was manipulating her.
"Don't run, fight properly, male elementalist!"
"This doesn't mean that I'm just running away. In a group battle, you should pay more attention to your surroundings."
"What?"
"A capable hunter is taking aim."
At that moment, an ice arrow came flying and pierced the girl's chest.
Rakka was flashily blown away and bounced on the ground.
The elemental waffe, Rock Breaker, turned into particles of light and vanished.
"Fuu, nice shot!"
Kamito turned behind where the voice came from.
On the outer wall of the theater, there was the appearance of Rinslet brushing her hair.
"... Why are you, the support position, standing at such a conspicuous place?!"
"Ah, it's natural for me to be at a more conspicuous place than Claire!"
"Th...That stupid dog...! You were moving around and sniping, right!"
Claire shouted like she was gnawing.
"Fuu, as a worthy lady of the noble Laurenfrost family, I won't be satisfied if I'm not at the most conspicuous place at a dance party."
"That's milady!"
Carol was delightfully swinging a flag from above ground.
"Hmm, you're pretty composed, Raven Class!"
—At that moment, at the back a strong squall was winding up.
Spreading its wings, the demon wind spirit roared and flew with its aim at Rinslet.
"A good target! Freezing ice fang, pierce—Freezing Arrow!"
Rinslet quickly released the Freezing Arrow—
The demon wind spirit immediately transformed to the countless blades of wind and rushed at Rinslet.
"Kyaa!"
"Rinslet!?"
In front of Claire, who planned to rush over, the braided hair knight blocked her way.
She quickly entered into the range of the whip in the gap that Claire lost her focus and slashed with her ice sword. The moment she got into the range, a sword was overwhelmingly advantageous. Claire was gradually pressured.
"Why you! How dare you do this to Rakka!"
"Kuu—Kamito, chase Ellis!"
"Ahh!"
Claire was in a predicament, but Ellis ought to be stopped now.
Ellis was running on the stairs of the theater. Her intention was to completely take out Rinslet.
Kamito aimed at Ellis's legs and threw the short sword. He concluded that it was dangerous to ignore her—Ellis jumped to the side and got into the audience seating.
In the vicinity, a high-pitched sound reverberated. The elemental waffe short sword hit the wall and got smashed up.
"Hmm, that's a pretty fragile elemental waffe."
While Ellis said that, she called the demon wind spirit to her hand.
And then—
"—Evil winds, pierce through my sworn enemy's heart, become a demonic spear and lodge within my hand!"
The moment she recited the releasing in the spirit language—winds blew violently and in her hand a very long spear appeared.
It was a ceremonial long spear and delicate patterns were engraved on its handle.
Its tip, illuminated by the red moonlight, was clad in sharp winds and was faintly making wind sounds.
Her pony-tail hair, which reached her waist, was agitatedly swaying and flowing in the wind.
Ellis completely spun the spear in one hand and stared at Kamito with a cold expression.
"This is my elemental waffe—Ray Hawk."
Kamito—
"...Beautiful."
Without a thought, let out such a voice.
"Hah, you too understand—the beauty of this Ray Hawk."
Displaying her truly prided spear, Ellis loosened her cheeks, slightly delighted.
"Idiot, I mean you! Don't make me say that, it's embarrassing."
"Wha..? Me..!?"
Ellis turned bright red and became flustered.
"Hey, y...you're mocking me, right? Kazehaya Kamito!"
"No, I'm just normally entranced."
"E...Entranced... Ah....."
Ellis's face increasingly redden... as if purging evil thoughts, she shook her head.
"Ehh...Such a practical joke... As I thought, you are mocking me!"
"No, you really are beautiful—Owaa!"
Being enraged, Ellis thrust her spear with her face bright red.
As a result of losing her composure, it was easy to dodge.
However, when the demonic spear tip grazed the side of his abdomen, at that moment—
The blades of winds were released and cut his whole body.
(Guu...!?)
In response to the sharp pain, Kamito clicked his tongue in his mind.
(—That elemental waffe can create the blades of wind, huh!)
While bearing the pain attacking his whole body, Kamito jumped away to the back in one go.
That demonic spear could create the blades of wind, so there also was no point in evading with a paper-thin difference.
However, Ellis jumped again and released a stream of attacks like a tempest.
"Are you trying to escape... you insolent guy! I'll turn you into tiramisu[9]!"
"What? Is candy-making also your forte? You cute sullen young lady."
"I...I am currently practicing making candies. For the sake of the gentleman that I'll marry in the future—Eh... What did you make me say! And who's the sullen young lady!"
Ellis pierced the theater wall with all her might in one blow and fragments of rubble flew around.
(...This person, she's seriously strong!)
As expected of someone who served as the Knights leader in this academy that gathered elementalists.
It was a beautiful blade dance like modeling after Kagura, which spirits enjoyed themselves in.
The wound in his left hand ached.
He understood that his senses were gradually getting sharper.
The serious blade dance was causing his blood to boil.
His body was recalling the sensations from three years ago.
(However, it wasn't something like this.)
It was irritating that his legs did not move as he wanted. His instinctive ability to read his opponent's movements was also falling.
(I—)
"You, don't run!"
Releasing a sharp thirst for blood and being clad in gales, Ellis came attacking.
It was not a clever thrust. It was a blow with all her might to decide the match.
However, there was a fatal chance born—
"Freezing Ice Fang, pierce—Freezing Arrow!"
Rinslet, who had recovered and was awaiting for a chance to snipe, released her Freezing Arrow without delay.
Simultaneously—
"Dance, crimson flame that invites ruins—Hell Blaze!"
After Claire settled Reishia, she released her flame attribute elemental waffe.
"...!?"
Ellis opened both her eyes in surprise.
The timing was perfect. The released ice fang and infernal flame went straight at their target—
*Pariiiin!*
They collided with each other in the air.
"...Wha!?"
Kamito's face twitched.
Ellis, in front of him, was also standing still, dumbfounded.
"Hey, Rinslet! Why did you get in my way!"
"W...What? You're the one who should not get in my way."
At that moment, the two of them began to quarrel.
"T...Those two..."
Kamito forgot that he was in the midst of the duel and deeply sighed.
(...They have the ability, yet their teamwork is really all over the place.)
"—How foolish, to fall out among yourselves!"
Ellis Fahrengart raised her elemental waffe spear once again.
Thunderously, a strong wind, unseen before, was winding up.
"T..To make a mockery of me by saying that I'm beautiful, I'll make you regret—"
There was already nowhere to run to. Kamito resigned his fate, at that time—
"Wait, Ellis! Something is strange..."
"What? Now then you're begging for your life."
Stopping mid-way—Ellis shut her mouth.
It seemed she noticed it too.
"What, this presence is ...?"
The atmosphere of the vicinity was heavy. That sensation, like one's back turning chilly, was—
"What?"
"What is this?"
Claire and the others seemed to have noticed it too. They looked up at the hazy night sky and tilted their heads in confusion.
Suddenly, a thunder-like sound roared.
And then—from a tear in the sky, that appeared.
That was—a giant jaw, floating in the sky.
It had neither head nor body nor a tail. It was an eerie jaw with just rows of teeth lined up making a chattering sound.
"That's, ...don't tell me, ... a demon spirit!?"
The sudden appearance of that spirit made Kamito groan and terrified him.
A demon spirit—that was something with a spirit make-up that greatly differed from humans, and thus, that was a grotesque spirit that can never be tamed by elementalists.
"A demon spirit, why is it at such a place...?"
At that moment.
"Vo...Ruoooooooon—"
The demon spirit's rising ear-splitting roar caused the girls to cower.
There was a tremendous sense of intimidation. That divine power felt on his skin was comparable to a rank Adevil-class spirit.
Moreover—
(It's... going berserk?)
Kamito dropped his voice and carefully observed the demon spirit in sky.
A demon spirit was certainly a grotesque being, but it's unlikely that it would be going berserk without a reason.
(...What's going on?)
Groaning within his mind—Kamito recalled.
That reminded him, before the duel—the water spirit of the spirit device in Claire's room had went out of control.
It was a phenomenon that was normally unimaginable, but if the water spirit was in a frenzy at that time, it was natural that Claire also could not control it. ...Was that phenomenon something related?
Besides—
(Claire said that powerful spirits don't appear frequently in this area.)
For the appearance of that demon spirit to be by chance, it was too unnatural.
(What the heck—?)
The jaw floating in the sky mowed down many trees of the forest, and bit and crushed the ancient historic ruins to tiny pieces. The smashed-up rock fragments rained down from high in the sky.
"Claire Rouge, for now, we'll stop the duel. Is that alright?"
"...I understand."
Claire obediently nodded at Ellis's words.
Everyone in this place understood the danger from that demon spirit.
It did not mean that that was summoned in a purified form like contracted spirits.
If bitten by those teeth, the human body and so forth will be like mere scraps of paper.
"We're taking refuge. I'll take the rear, you all carry the fainted two."
Ellis prepared the Ray Hawk and gallantly got down to the center of the historic ruins.
"No, I'll take the rear. That is not something an ordinary elementalist can do one way or another."
The way of fighting spirits and fighting human elementalists were completely different. Of course, this didn't mean that the girls didn't learn how to fight spirits but—it was an opponent too dangerous for Ellis to fight alone.
"Stop the jokes. What can you, who can't even fully use his contracted spirit, do?"
"That's..."
Kamito firmly groaned. Certainly, it was not an opponent he could fight with that unreliable elemental waffe.
"There's no time to talk. Leave this to Ellis, let's hurry!"
Rinslet whistled and Fenrir, in a white wolf appearance, came giving both fainted Reishia and Rakka a lift. Carol also came running.
"Claire, what are you doing daydreaming!"
Rinslet pulled Claire's sleeves.
—Claire was looking downwards like she was thinking about something and she suddenly raised her head.
"Ellis, I'll take the rear."
"What?"
Ellis opened her eyes. Claire whipped her leather whip and called out her contracted spirit, the hell cat.
"..."
Claire's red pupils became nailed onto the figure of the demon spirit, raging like a storm.
...It was like she was completely entranced.
In response to Claire's appearance—Kamito realized and was taken aback.
(This fellow, don't tell me—)
Claire was obsessed with obtaining a powerful spirit.
For the sake of knowing the truth concerning her sister, Rubia Elstein, she needed power.
Therefore, she still reached out to the dangerous sealed spirit.
"You, don't tell me—You plan to make that your contracted spirit!?"
"..."
Claire did not answer. She just motionlessly gazed at the demon spirit in the sky—
"That's crazy! That's a demon spirit, furthermore it's in a frenzy!"
Kamito shouted, Claire swung her twintails and finally turned around.
"...It's a once in a lifetime chance."
She bit her lips and muttered with an expression like she had thought hard over it.
"Firstly, there's no such thing as encountering a spirit of that level in the Spirit Forest. Besides, it's not like there weren't any elementalists who contracted demon spirits."
"You mean Greyworth? She's a witch."
"I too may have the qualities of a witch."
"Stop doing something stupid, you'll die."
Kamito grabbed Claire's arm, who was planning to dash anytime.
Claire sternly glared at Kamito.
"Don't get in my way. My reasons to want a strong spirit, I've told them to you, right?"
"Ahh, I understand. But that's no good. Your skills can't manage it."
"...Shut up, let go! You weakling, be silent!"
Claire shook Kamito's arm and shouted.
Within her ruby pupils, glaring at Kamito, genuine hatred surfaced.
"Despite snatching my sealed spirit! You can only use a weak elemental waffe, what qualifications do you have to say something?"
"That's—"
Kamito looked downwards. It was natural for Claire to be irritated. While he had indeed contracted with such a powerful spirit, he couldn't pull out its power completely.
"What? ... I was expecting a little something."
Claire awkwardly averted her eyes.
"I'll handle that alone. You all please escape."
"Claire Rouge, you—"
"Ellis, try to protect everyone. I don't want to think about it, but if I—"
Claire did not speak after that.
And then—
"—Scarlet!"
She called her partner, flame spirit's name and ran towards the demon spirit, devouring the forest.
"Claire!"
Kamito held out his hand in a fluster.
At that moment, the demon spirit roared.
A lump of shock struck. The trees in its vicinity were thoroughly blown off.
"Winds, grant us the hand of divine protection—Wind Wall!"
Right away, Ellis recited the spirit magic and protected everyone at the back.
(Damn, Claire—)
While defending against the pebbles that were blown off, Kamito followed Claire with his eyes.
Claire was—dancing in the air.
She got on the winds like sparks dancing in the air.
In her hand was her flame spirit released into its elemental waffe—Flame Tongue, which she was grasping.
The blazing crimson killing flash cut off the evening darkness.
Claire landed onto the ground and while running through the gaps of the tree grove, she drew closer to the demon spirit.
The demon spirit opened its giant jaws and made chattering sounds with its lined-up rows of teeth.
(...It's no good, this is too reckless!)
The girl, Claire Rouge, that Kamito knew was an excellent elementalist, possessing calm judgment and an insight for tactics at least in a battle.
However, she had lost sight of herself now.
Her feelings for her sister, Rubia Elstein, caused her to lose her calm judgment.
Her anger towards her sister, who betrayed her. Yet, her overwhelming love—caused a great number of conflicts to be mixed and that changed into a craving for great power.
"How tenacious! Become mine!"
The flame whip dance splendidly. Her red twintails danced in the dark night.
That was—elementalist, Claire Rouge's blade dance.
"..."
Beautiful—he thought.
Despite being at such a time, Kamito, for a moment, was fascinated by that appearance and forgot everything.
...It was the same as that time.
That time when she was fighting that rampaging sword spirit alone.
Kamito calmly clenched his fist and turned behind. And then—
"Ellis, Rinslet, I'll entrust the rest to you."
"Wha... are you an idiot!?" "Are you an idiot!?"
Both of them shouted at the same time. His ears shrilled.
"...Ah, I'm an idiot. Truly an idiot."
If Greyworth was here, she would have had relentlessly poured abusive words.
To take back the precious thing he lost, he had lived with lifeless eyes for these past three years.
Yet, he was recklessly giving his life away for such a thing.
However—
"I am her contracted spirit."
Therefore—
"That's, hm, I have to help her, that tomboy hell cat girl."
"Wait, Kazehaya Kamito!"
Kamito shook off Ellis's hand that planned to stop him and began running.
The crimson flame was dancing with the demon spirit in a blade dance.
It was no good for that noble flame to be extinguished. —He did not want her to die.
After all, she was—a normal girl.
Full of conceit, hot-tempered.
Putting on a strong front, easily lonely.... truly kind.
Liking canned foods and romance stories—
Merely a princess found anywhere.
"Oooooo...oon—"
The demon spirit roared.
It released a shock wave blowing away the forest and Claire was thrown onto the ground.
"—Claire!"
"...Ah...Aah, Ah..."
Claire was thrown onto the ground and cowered.
The grotesque demon spirit made a creaky sound with its giant jaw.
It seemed—like it was laughing.
She planned to escape, but her legs were shivering and did not move.
It was frightening. While she was fighting, her senses became paralyzed. However, presently—
"Y...You are not scary, therefore, become my manservant!"
The demon spirit, floating in the air, had no reason to even respond to that jeer but—it loudly laughed.
Claire's body trembled and spontaneously, she closed her eyes. The roots of the teeth did not bite at the same time. Towards an unfamiliar thing, instinctive fear bound her body.
—At that moment. The Flame Tongue in Claire's hand suddenly vanished.
It was not that she canceled the release of her elemental waffe. Scarlet opposed Claire's will and voluntary returned to the form of a hell cat.
"Scarlet!? Why...?"
Claire muttered in a blurry voice.
Was she finally being abandoned by even her contracted spirit—
However, the hell cat, clad in flames softly growled and kicked the ground and flew up.
"...!"
At that moment, Claire finally understood. Scarlet—
"Noo—Scarlet!"
Claire's scream resounded.
Scarlet did not stop. It bared its ferocious fangs and rushed at the demon spirit.
It was a red hot flame that even melted steel. However, it was not effective against the demon spirit.
In an instant, the demon spirit's teeth mercilessly bit and crushed Scarlet's body.
It screamed with agony. The flame spirit, which was bitten and crushed, vanished in the sky like a whirlpool winding.
"...Ah...Scar...let..."
Claire, as if all her body strength left her, sank down to the floor there.
Following reason, she knew that she should be escaping.
It was a last chance Scarlet made for her.
Despite that, her legs were trembling bit by bit. She could not even stand.
The extreme deep despair paralyzed Claire's whole body.
(Because of me, Scarlet—)
In the blank eyes, where the flame vanished, tears overflowed.
(...I'm an idiot. Kamito stopped me and yet—)
(—despite being unable to win, I plunged in alone.)
She was unsightly defeated.
Her contracted spirit, which was precious to her like family, was also lost.
While the demon spirit was making the chattering sound, it slowly descended.
Those sinister teeth that just ate and tore up Scarlet—
"No..."
Tears flowed along her cheeks. A stiff voice came out from deep in her throat.
"Save me... Save me—Nee-sama[10]!"
She closed her eyes in despair and at that time.
"Claire!"
She heard his voice.
"Oooooooooooo!"
While making his war cry, Kamito rushed towards the demon spirit.
The spirit seal, engraved on his right hand, emitted a bluish-white glow.
—Dispassionate Queen of Steel, the sacred sword that destroys evil!
—Now form a sword of steel and be the power in my hand!
While running with mud splashing, he recited the summoning.
At his palm, particles of light were born and transformed into the form of a sword—
However, it was not good like this. Against the demon spirit that brought down Scarlet's level of spirit in one blow, that short sword cannot be effective.
(—I beg you, lend me your power, you stubborn spirit!)
(—Come on, I know you've got more power than that!)
The wound on his left hand sharply ached.
Again, the opened path with the contracted spirit was closed—
However, without minding it, Kamito continued to pour divine power into the spirit seal on his right hand.
It was an intense overload. Pain like burning was running throughout his arm's nerves.
(—Sorry, Restia. What I need now isn't you.)
Yes—what he needed was not the past.
It was the power to protect her here and now.
From the spirit seal on his left hand, violent flashes of lightning surged.
That sensation from three years ago was resurrected.
Everytime he kicked the ground to speed up, his whole body's sensation sharpened.
Just that demon spirit's movement was seen as slow motion.
(Recall it, that feeling—)
The sensation of the blade dance—where he danced together with his partner, the dark spirit.
(I am—)
Kamito kicked the ground and jumped high up.
(I am the Strongest Blade Dancer—Ren Ashbell!)
At that moment, a conspicuous dazzling flash was born in his palm.
From the spirit seal on his right hand, a huge amount of divine power came surging out.
The path to that sealed sword spirit was connected!
At the next moment, in Kamito's hand; he was grasping a large broadsword.
It was too gigantic for normal people to wield—the Demon Slayer.
And then—
"—Begone, you overgrown jaw."
The swing of the lump of the steel cut the demon spirit jaw cleanly in half.
The rain that began falling soaked Claire's back.
Her red twintails withered and closely clung onto her bare skin.
"Claire..."
Kamito called out to her back, which was cowering on the ground.
"Hmm... it's good that you're safe."
"It's...not good..."
Claire muttered in a shivering voice.
"My... My Scarlet..."
She turned around and from her red pupils, a drop of tear came out.
"You—"
"You're late... Idiot! Despite being my contracted spirit."
"Ahh. My bad..."
Kamito awkwardly looked away.
"Why?"
"Eh?"
"You have such great power and yet, at the beginning, why—?"
Claire firmly grabbed Kamito's uniform collar—
"..."
She weakly removed her hand.
"...No. It's because I'm weak."
She let out such a defeated voice.
"It's because I'm weak, that I couldn't protect Scarlet. It's because I'm weak—"
—She could not stop her sister.
"If I had more, more power, such..."
While being struck by rain, Claire repeated that with a blank expression.
"Oi, get yourself together!"
Kamito grabbed Claire's shoulder—
(...Eh?)
His body slanted.
His field of vision was growing dark. ...His consciousness suddenly went far away.
It seemed that the strike of the previous elemental waffe had thoroughly exhausted his divine power.
(Damn, what a greedy... spirit...)
While cursing in his mind, Kamito lost consciousness.

.....He remembered that he was taken into a black room.
A room like a prison cell without windows.
He recalled being taken by people in black, also on that day he met her for the first time—
It was eight years ago when the young boy became The Strongest Blade Dancer—Ren Ashbell.
Before that, he was at an orphanage.
It was no ordinary orphanage. It was a so called "Instructional School" of a town that didn't exist on any maps.
From every part of the continent, young girls with talents as an elementalist were gathered from orphanages or relief institutions, and received special training in the secret facility. Those who were raised there were exceptional assassins. The emotions of the girls were killed by the crazy education, and nothing but killing techniques using spirits were thoroughly drilled into them.
On that day eight years ago, a young boy who was taken in by the Instructional School was able to communicate with the spirits.
The Demon King's Reincarnation—called a miracle child by the training instructor, that young boy was trained with the highest priority.
He was subjected to assassination training of the highest caliber, as well as handing to him their treasured spirit, one of the most powerful Pillar Spirits.
Formerly, a sealed spirit because of the Demon King, the Dark Spirit.
But, four years ago, a freak accident of unknown origin suddenly destroyed the Instructional School.
Thanks to the incident, the hideous truth of the Instructional School was brought to light, and the aristocrat faction in charge of the scheme was purged; its existence was erased from all the records of the Ordesia empire.
The young boy escaped with his contracted spirit.
Running away from his pursuers, he disguised himself as a girl. Originally the young boy had well equipped features; his voice had yet to break, and nobody thought that he was a boy.
Also, three years ago. The strongest blade dancer magnificently debuted.
Winning the Blade Dance, in order to fulfill her one and only Wish.
But, it was— something humans must never wish for.
Kamito opened his eyes and found himself lying in bed.
Birds were chirping outside the window. Bright morning light entered into the room.
He strongly felt that he had a very nostalgic dream, but couldn't remember what it was about.
His head hurt. Kamito slowly turned his head and sat up. Then he noticed.
What he was wearing was not the Areishia Spirit Academy school uniform. It seemed that someone had helped him into pajamas. The freshly washed clothes were very comfortable.
"By the way... where am I?"
Kamito looked around the room.
The layout of the room was very familiar. This must be the dormitory of the academy.
However, this was not Claire's room. It was impossible for her room to be so clean. The furniture and household items looked very upscale and was polished spotless. The room was like a luxury hotel. It did feel like a girl's room, but with a different perspective from Claire's.
He moved his arms to get out of bed—but a sharp burning pain shot up from his right hand.
Grimacing from the intense pain, Kamito finally remembered.
(At that time, I......)
In order to protect Claire, Kamito had surpassed the limit to release the contract spirit's power.
Conjuring up a powerful Elemental Waffe was of course good. But since the spirit was too strong, his divine energy was exhausted all at once, and he had passed out.
(Right, ...How was Claire?)
Kamito was going to get up from bed, but at that moment—
(Hm?)
Something squirmed inside the sheets.
"Wow! What... What the hell!?"
Kamito bounced up and quickly yanked the sheets aside.
Something unbelievable was there.
A silver-haired girl.
And she was naked, stark naked.
No, more precisely she was not completely naked; she had black knee socks on.
A knee socks wearing, nude, silver-haired girl was there.
...Silence for about a full half minute.
"...Who are you?" Asked Kamito. His head was spinning, and he couldn't come up with any other questions.
"Est." The girl expressionlessly replied. It was a cold and mechanical-sounding voice.
"Est... so that's your name?"
"Right. Human vocal organs are incapable of pronouncing my true name, so call me Est."
"Well, Est."
"Yes."
One would blink in amazement at the clear violet eyes of the beautiful silver-haired girl.
She seemed to be younger than Kamito.
Her body was very petite, maybe even smaller than Claire's.
"Uh... Why... are you... in my bed?"
"Because I belong to you, my master."
The girl answered with no hesitation.
"......"
Cold sweat flowed down from Kamito's forehead.
...Wait. Calm down. He had no memory of such a thing. Wrong, isn't the fact that he didn't remember anything about it even worse?
(Why am I in bed with a naked girl? Kazehaya Kamito, were you really such a despicable pervert that stripped innocent little girls and then brought them to bed?)
(NO! Absolutely not!)
"Hey, Est."
"Yes, master."
"Why are you calling me master? Please briefly explain."
"Because master is my master. Was there any self-contradiction? "
Est replied expressionlessly.
"Or would you like me to call you differently?"
"For now, anything other than master."
"Well, Aniue-sama[11]."
"No."
"Daddy."
"Even worse!"
"...Onii-chan?"[12]
"...Uh... no!"
Kamito averted his eyes slightly. Involuntarily, he felt that the last one was quite good.
"My bad. Kamito, please call me Kamito."
"Got it. I'll call you Kamito."
The knee-socks wearing nude silver-haired girl nodded.
Kamito... Kamito... my master is Kamito... the girl murmured, as if constantly chewing these words.
Kamito's head gradually started aching. What is with this girl?
"Why are you wearing nothing but knee socks? Isn't it odd?"
"Are you saying that I should take the socks off!?"
Est's normally expressionless face showed a sign of wavering for the first time.
"Actually demanding me to show my bare feet... Kamito is such a pervert."
"No, aren't you naked? What is this mysterious sense of embarrassment?"
Kamito sighed. Oh, well, perhaps it was due to cultural difference.
At this point, suddenly the sound of someone coming up the stairs was heard through the door.
"...Oh, no! Someone is coming!"
It would be bad, regardless of whom, for anyone to see this situation.
"Hide somewhere now!"
"Why?"
"No questions! Hurry up!"
"Oui[13], roger that."
Est wiggled deep into the sheets.
"Why there out of all places!"
*Snip*—
At this instant, the door opened.
"Kamito, you woke up!"
Rinslet's maid Carol appeared. She was carrying a basin and towels.
"Carol!? That you are here means this is—"
"The room of milady, Rinslet."
Carol smiled.
I see. Indeed she was a daughter of the Laurenfrost family. No wonder the room was so different from Claire's.
"By the way, why am I in Rinslet's room?"
"Milady was very worried because you fainted and had you carried here. She and I took care of you."
"......So that's why. Thank you."
Kamito felt very grateful. That girl was surprisingly a good person.
Carol walked over towards the bed.
(...Oh, no!)
The moment Kamito put on the alert posture, Est squirmed in the sheets.
Kamito's body suddenly involuntarily froze.
(Hey... Hey! Come on. Please stay still!)
"You woke up, Kazehaya Kamito."
*Snip*— this time the uniformed Rinslet came in.
Although he thought Rinslet would breathe a sigh of relief, but she put two hands upon her waist, and glared sharply at Kamito.
"...I was so startled because you suddenly fainted."
"Ah, My bad. I heard that you have been taking care of me. Thank you."
"Humph! Taking care of the servants is also the duty of a master!"
Rinslet's face suddenly became red and she looked away.
"...Besides, you saved my friend..."
"Well?"
"Nothing...!"
Rinslet suddenly folded her arms, and turned her face aside.
Her behavior of not being frank with herself was somehow quite lovely, actually.
"By the way, how is Claire?" Asked Kamito. Back then Claire looked very haggard, and something was obviously wrong.
(...Hopefully she was not thinking something strange.)
"She locked herself in her room the moment she came back to the academy and has stayed there since then. No matter how much I provoked her from outside the door, she completely refuses to come out."
"So..."
Kamito sighed. It seemed that even that defiant princess could suffer from depression. Although she acted very tough, she was just an ordinary girl after all.
"Milady is really worried about her childhood friend Miss Claire."
"Carol! What, what are you talking about!" Red faced Rinslet repeatedly beat Carol on her back.
Looking at the exchange between the two girls, Kamito smiled bitterly.
(...Ah. That girl, even though she was seemingly convinced that she was alone,)
(She does have good friends.)
"What is it, Kazehaya Kamito? Why are you smiling?"
Rinslet puffed her cheeks and stared at Kamito.
"Since you have woken up, get out already. Men are prohibited in the female dormitory!"
"Ah, Oh. I'll go out now...... uh!"
Just then, Kamito suddenly froze.
...That couldn't be. He absolutely could not get out of bed now. Hidden under the sheets was a young, beautiful nude girl who was wearing knee socks.
This was bad. Extremely bad. If she was to be discovered by these two girls, his life will be in danger in all kinds of ways.
(What should I do... right!)
Kamito needed to change from pajamas into his uniform. Using that as an excuse, he could send Rinslet and Carol away, then take this opportunity to escape with Est from the window.
No, no good. To go out with Est in her current state, they would surely be caught.
If they were to be dragged to that stubborn leader of the Knights, he would end up even more miserable.
That being the case, he had to—
"Uh... right! Can I ask for a favor?"
"What's that? Do you... want to lick my toes?"
"No one asked for such a thing!"
Kamito retorted out of reflex... Why was there an expectation in her tone?
"That's not what I want to ask. I was thinking... if you could lend me some clothes."
"Clothes? Oh, of course, your uniform is right here."
Rinslet snapped her fingers, and Carol immediately brought out the folded uniform. The ripped uniform from battle yesterday was mended, even the buttons were sewn back on neatly.
"That's not what I meant. I would like to borrow a girl's uniform. "
"......"
(Eh? I feel like I have made some kind of fatal mistake just now...)
Rinslet stared at Kamito as if looking at a cockroach on the roadside.
"Oh? What do you plan to do with a girl's uniform, Kazehaya Kamito?"
*Gogogogo...*
"No... No, not what you think... uh... that..."
Kamito stammered, trying to find excuses to gloss over the question.
"Then it can't be helped. Although it is a bit embarrassing, I'll lend you my clothes..."
Carol's face turned red, and she started to remove her clothes uneasily.
"Not your clothes! And that's not even a uniform!"
"So that's how it is. What Kamito-sama desires most is a uniform of milady."
"What? ...My uniform?"
Rinslet suddenly blushed totally red, and quickly covered her chest.
(Ah ah ah ah! These two are so troublesome!)
Kamito cried in his mind. Just at this time.
From the abdomen of Kamito somehow came a wiggling sensation.
(...! Est! What are you doing!)
"Hmm? Kazehaya Kamito, what are you doing?"
"No... Nothing..."
"You have been acting strange since earlier. Come to think of it, the sheets are bulging mysteriously."
"Milady, men are the kind of creatures to bulge in the morning."
"Yes... a normal physiological phenomenon, it can't be helped... That's not what this is!"
"Out with it already, what exactly are you hiding there!?"
*Paa-tsu*— Rinslet forcefully yanked the sheets off.
"What!" "Ah!"
Rinslet and Carol simultaneously covered their mouths, and opened their eyes widely.
It was no wonder. In the bed, after all, there was one beautiful knee socks wearing naked girl.
"Kamito, we are caught."
Still expressionless, Est suddenly hugged Kamito tightly.
"Wh... Wh... What!"
"Hold on! Rinslet, don't misunderstand! This is because—"
Kamito frantically shook his head, trying desperately to explain.
"This is because what?"
"Uh... because... that..."
...Uh, no good. Even Kamito didn't know why the young girl was here.
Having said that, regardless of what excuses that Kamito came up with, he had no confidence to convince these two.
"—I see, that's how it was."
Rinslet grinned, and a chilling smile appeared on her face.
An elegant, graceful, and truly aristocratic smile.
"You... You understand?"
"Yes, I completely understand. While I was worried about you, you...you secretly brought such a lovely girl to bed—"
Rinslet's freezing cold stares repeatedly stabbed Kamito.
Or rather... it was really cold, cold enough to freeze one to death.
Unknowingly, the windows were covered with frost. Just as one thought that a blizzard was bursting around in the room, the wolf spirit of demon ice suddenly appeared on top of the bed.
"...Wait! This is no joke—I am really going to die!"
"Then... Then die! You pervert—!"
Demon Ice Spirit Fenrir let out a terrifying roar, then started attacking Kamito.
"...Wahh! For real!?"
Kamito nimbly jumped out of bed and fled around in the room.
Baring its fangs, the Demon Ice Spirit chased Kamito back and forth.
*Bark!* *Bark!*
"......"
At this moment, Est quietly rose up and stood in front of Kamito as if to shield him.
The white wolf bared its sharp fangs fiercely, and then leaped.
Still expressionless, Est thrust her hand in front of the nose of the white wolf.
Fenrir's movement suddenly froze.
"Woo...ong..."
"Stay back! How dare you as a Demon Ice Spirit try to defy me, the Demon Slayer? "
The moment Est calmly finished her words, Fenrir began to tremble.
And then—
"Sit."
*Chokun*[14].
"Hand."
*Pofu*.
"Good boy."
*Rub*. *Rub*.
"......"
Kamito was speechless. Rinslet's mouth also hung wide open.
Even spirits of the rank of Fenrir were lead by the nose. This girl, could she be—
"Might you be a spirit!?"
"Yes, I'm Kamito's contracted spirit."
Stroking the head of the tamed Fenrir, Est nodded expressionlessly.
"Unbelievable. I never expected you to be the sealed spirit of that sword."
Having left the female dormitory and walking in the academy's courtyard, Kamito took a glance at the girl next to him.
Of course, she was not naked. Currently, she was wearing the school uniform of Areishia Spirit Academy.
The spirits that had a human form were the highest rank in Astral Zero. So it is understandable that Kamito did not immediately discover the girl's true identity.
"I mean, you can reconstruct clothes, so why were you naked?"
"I thought you would be pleased that way. Or do I really have to show you my bare feet?"
It seemed that this spirit would be embarrassed if she exposed her bare feet. Such an obscure type of shyness.
Kamito sighed, and tried to sort out what he had talked about with Est.
— Back then Est resonated to Kamito's strong will, and was summoned in the form of an Elemental Waffe. However, at the same time when Kamito lost his consciousness, the PathMagic Circuit was once again closed, and she ended up not being able to return to Astral Zero.
"Why was the PathMagic Circuit not connected? We did form the contract after all."
"One factor is that my original existence is an overly powerful being, but probably the main cause is from Kamito yourself. Subconsciously, Kamito was rejecting the contract with me."
"......"
Kamito had an idea. His eyes rested on the left hand in the black leather gloves.
Back then to save Claire, Kamito strived to not ponder over it.
But it is undeniable, her presence still haunts the heart of Kamito.
"...Sorry. It is not that I was unwilling to contract with you. That's not how it was."
Not being able to return to Astral Zero puts an enormous stress on the Spirits.
However, most of Est's power was left in Astral Zero, so at the moment she's seemingly unable to display her original strength.
Perhaps because Est took the form of a human girl, Kamito became more distressed.
"It does not matter. Anyway, I'm tired of being sealed inside the sword. It has been hundreds of years since I last came to this world, so I decided to enjoy everything here. Say, Kamito—"
Est pulled the sleeve of Kamito's uniform.
"It feels like I have a good impression of you."
"...A good impression?"
"Meaning that I might like you."
"Ah. So... thank you."
Kamito could not help but blush, and averted his eyes.
Despite being a sealed spirit with extraordinary power, her appearance was that of a lovely girl.
To receive such a straight confession... Kamito did not know how to respond.
"But when you were sealed inside the sword, haven't you rejected contracting with all the other elementalists?"
"Yes, Kamito. So far, I have rejected 53 elementalists."
"Then why has such a high rank spirit like you chosen me?"
"Well, if I had to guess—it might have been an intuition."
Est watched Kamito with the pair of clear violet eyes.
"Because I felt- that the two of us are alike."
"...What do you mean?"
"Kamito."
Est suddenly held out her forefinger and gently pressed it against Kamito's lips.
"Do not pry into a girl's secrets!"
"...!"
A completely unexpected reaction. Kamito's heart raced at the soft touch of her fingertip.
Then, her skirt twirled as Est quickly turned around. She ran forward lightly.
Going a long way from the dormitory, Kamito finally arrived at the school building of the academy.
(Could Claire be here?) After being driven out of Rinslet's room, Kamito immediately went to Claire's room to check on her, but she was not in the room.
Maybe she had already recovered, and went to the class to attend the lectures.
It was good if that's the case- but somehow his heart jittered anxiously.
While walking together with Est in the corridor, Kamito heard whispers constantly coming from all directions.
"Look. Look. There's that male transfer student."
"As expected, he has already laid his hands on a new girl."
"What a pretty girl... did we have such a student in our academy?"
"Hey. Is it true that Ellis' group engaged in a duel with him?"
"He can't be planning on laying his hands on every girl in the academy, can he?"
"What a pervert... or rather, a lewd beast?"
"Definitely a lewd beast."
"Yeah, a lewd beast."
"Public enemy of the girls..."
*Twitter twitter*...
...Kamito's heart hurt. The target of this chattering had heard everything.
"Is Kamito really a lewd beast?"
Est dealt a further blow. Well, she meant no harm.
*Clink*— the sound of a sword being drawn came from the back at that moment.
"—Kazehaya Kamito, you indecent man!"
"...!"
With no time to turn around, the blade had come to rest on the back of his neck.
Kamito raised both his hands, and timidly moved nothing but his line of sight—
Standing there was the pony-tailed leader of the Knights, emitting a terrifying murderous intent.
"E...Ellis...?"
"I misjudged you, you sex maniac! How could you lay your hands on such an innocent girl!"
"...Listen."
Kamito sighed, and said with half squinted eyes: "You have just made a very rude misunderstanding about others. She's my contract spirit."
"......What?"
Ellis raised her eyebrows in surprise.
"You are saying this girl is that Sword Spirit that slayed the Demon Spirit with one blow?"
Ellis skeptically stared at Est for a moment, then turned back to Kamito again.
"Stop making lame excuses, Kazehaya Kamito!"
*Clang*- the blade came to rest on his neck again.
But the next second, Ellis's startled eyes widened.
The blade that was stabbed towards the back of his neck turned soft and bent down.
"What is going on?"
"HowlingProperty Resonance- as a sword spirit, I can freely interfere with various blades. Are you willing to believe us now?"
"...!"
Ellis, with her eyes wide open, examined the bent sword.
Spirit magic could bring about similar phenomenon, but Est bent the sword without even lifting a finger.
"I see. ...Sorry for having doubted you."
Ellis put away the sword, and apologized seriously with a bow.
"No. Originally, even I did not think she was a spirit."
Kamito shrugged and shook his head.
Although there were times where she was overly stubborn, but this candor was also endearing.
"By the way, how are the other two? Hm, from the Knight Brigade—"
"You mean Rakka and Reishia? They regained consciousness this morning. They were beaten pretty badly by you guys. They need to rest for a while before they can control spirits again."
"Sorry... Once I use an Elemental Waffe, it is difficult to calibrate my strength."
"It was a duel. Please do not mind it. For them it was a good lesson."
Ellis deliberately coughed, and then—
"...I'm sorry."
"Hmm?"
"I said, I'm sorry. I disliked you for no other reason except that you are a boy. So I feel compelled to apologize."
With her cheeks blushing red, she stared into the eyes of Kamito.
"When you stood up to the Demon Spirit to save Claire Rouge, you looked really... really cool. To be honest I was petrified with fear."
"I had to deal with frenzied spirits several times before. It was just experience."
Kamito, scratched the back of his head, like he was feeling a bit shy.
"Kamito, I dislike being ignored." Est said, puffing out her cheeks.
"Oh, sorry..."
Then, Kamito suddenly recalled his purpose here.
"Ellis, do you know where Claire is?"
"Isn't Claire Rouge still locking herself in her room? Losing the contract spirit seemed to be a very big blow to her."
"But she doesn't seem to be in her room. Do you have a clue?"
"Well..."
Ellis raised her hand to her chin and pondered a bit.
"Come to think of it, the militarized spirit contract ceremony will be held in the academic town this afternoon."
"Contract ceremony?"
"Ah, volunteers are recruited among the students of the academy to form a contract with militarized spirits."
In short, it is scouting from the military—Ellis explained.
In return for the powerful militarized spirit provided by the Ordesia Knights brigade, the academy presents the students. Once the student forged a contract with the militarized spirit, he or she becomes part of the army, and as a cost for the powerful militarized spirit, he must obey the orders and be dispatched immediately whenever requested by the brigade.
"Although there are a lot of troubles in becoming a military personnel, there are many voluntary participants seeking to form contracts with powerful spirits. From the very beginning, there are many students who entered the academy aiming to become Spirit Knights."
"With so many participants, how do they pick candidates?"
"Of course—with a blade dance."
The format of the competition was a free for all battle royal.
Serving also as a demonstration from the Ordesia Knight Brigade to the public, the blade dance would be held in the arena of the academy town, rather than in Astral Zero.
"Having lost her contract spirit, it is possible that she will volunteer to participate in the ceremony."
"However, without her contract spirit, to enter a blade dance is—" Kamito stopped in mid-sentence and swallowed the remaining words.
Impossible—but he was not sure.
To perform blade dance without the contract spirit, that kind of action amounts to nothing but suicide.
Without the power of spirits, there was absolutely no way to beat other elementalists. Such a no-brainer simple truth.
But Claire now—
Kamito recalled how she looked like that day when she stood in the rain.
"...Ellis, where is the ceremony going to take place?"
"If I remember correctly, just go straight along the Olivier Avenue- Kamito?"
"—Got it. Ellis, thank you!"
Kamito took Est's hand and started to run.
(Do not try to shoulder everything by yourself. Idiot!)
Claire walked alone in the alley within the academic town.
She looked dejected, and her steps were very heavy.
However, she had to go. There is no choice but to move forward.
For the sake of Scarlet who shielded her with its own body, she must obtain an extremely strong spirit—an overwhelming power that will not lose to anyone.
...It could not be reconciled. In front of that terrifying Demon Spirit, she couldn't do anything.
Moreover, because of her own arrogance and stupidity, she had lost Scarlet, her most important partner that had accompanied her since childhood.
Further, had Kamito not come to her rescue, she would surely have been killed.
"...Why did I think of that guy's face again!?"
Claire shook her head, trying to get rid of Kamito's image in her mind.
"—I do not need that guy. I survived on my own in the past and even now."
Yes, she would not stop here. Claire Rouge must face the battle alone.
—I want more power, a strong power that will not lose to anyone.
A strong power so I will never lose anything again. A strong power to take back what I have lost.
For example—like the power of that girl that I admired on first sight three years ago.
The overwhelming power of the Strongest Blade Dancer, Ren Ashbell.
"—You desire power so much?"
"......?"
Hearing the sudden voice, Claire quickly turned around.
There stood a beautiful girl.
It was a girl in a dark dress with lustrous black hair.
Her refined face exhibited a subtle grace, and a beauty that somehow looked like a dissociation with normal humans.
She had pitch black pupils, as if one will be sucked in with one look.
Claire instantly discarded her alertness, charmed by the beauty of the girl.
"Thank you. Because of you, Kamito has awoken."
"Who are you? What are you talking about?"
"However, this is not enough, his true self is much more than that."
The girl giggled, and slowly approached Claire.
Claire did not move. No, she couldn't move.
"What?"
"If you seek more strength, please accept this."
The girl gracefully stretched out a slender hand.
Above her palm, a mass of ominous fog-like black object floated.
"This is a spirit!?"
"Yes, it can help you draw out your real strength."
"My real strength..."
Claire absentmindedly murmured.
Had it been the usual Claire, surely she would not hesitate to brush that hand away.
The contract spirits were to be gained by one's own hand. They were not something received from others.
However, the flame in Claire's heart was gradually diminishing.
So weak that it would likely extinguish at any time.
Therefore—Claire took that hand. She accepted the spirit presented by that girl.
The black mist gradually seeped into her hand and disappeared.
Sharp pain instantly shot up from the left hand, an ominous black spirit seal was engraved on it.
"The frenzied spirit Gespenst—Do you like it?"
The girl in black smiled.
Like a cruel little girl.
Like an innocent demon.

Academy Town was a small-scale town within the premises of the Areishia Spirit Academy.
The townscape, lined with stone buildings, was filled with the tumult of people.
While bumping many times over into the coming-and-going crowds of people, Kamito was running towards the arena.
—If that was him thinking about it too much, it was alright. However, he was feeling strangely uneasy.
(...Absurd. With the loss of her contracted spirit, a blade dance is just...)
While he was out of breath, he ran at full speed, pulling Est's hand.
He did not understand why he was so frantic for her sake.
Claire Rouge was a—tyrant, who was prideful, willful and quick to lash her whip.
However, he somehow could not leave her alone.
(After all, her true self is—)
Kamito stopped at that moment.
"—Here, right?"
Before the arena built at the center of the town, there was a crowd of spectators gathered.
The blade dance was originally a holy ritual to let spirits enjoy themselves—a kind of Kagura.
However, there was no change to the fact that it was also the highest form of entertainment to humans.
Also, the same as other festivals, the spirits preferred a great number of enthusiastic people.
He showed his academy student badge to the guard and entered inside, and pushed aside clamoring spectators to get to the front.
There were ear-splitting cheers. The sound of shrills of weapons. The intense blade dance had already started at the arena.
There were about 20 participants. Various types of spirits were jumbled together and fighting.
It was a battle royale system where the last one remaining would earn the right to contract with a powerful militarized spirit.
Kamito searched for Claire—
"...!?"
For that unbelievable sight, he doubted his eyes.
That Claire Rouge was—
Covered all over with wounds and crawling.
Against the contracted spirits boasting tremendous power, Claire was fighting with just a whip and Spirit Magic.
While her whole body was hit and slammed into a wall, she stood up and fought again and again.
"Claire—"
He could not go help her. If Kamito got in and helped her, she would be naturally disqualified.
If he did that, she would probably never forgive him.
Kamito bit his teeth and in front of him, Claire was blown away.
(—Weak. Why am I so weak?)
While being thrown to the ground, Claire strongly bit her lips. The taste of blood spread across her tongue. It seemed that she was cut somewhere inside her mouth. She planned to stand up, but her hands went numb and did not move. It seemed to have caused a cerebral concussion. Even several bones of her ribs might be suffering damage.
"Guu...!"
Even so, she still did not raise the surrender card.
She slowly stood up on shaky legs.
She sternly looked up. At the center of the altar was a worshiped stone pillar. Within that, there was a rank-A battle-class militarized spirit—Glasya-Labolas sealed inside, brought in from the imperial capital.
Having brought down many spirit knights in the past wars, it was a famous giant-man spirit.
(...If I obtain that, I can be strong.)
—Nee-sama surely can be saved!
"Flame—dance in my hand, dance!"
She turned the divine power dwelling within herself into flames and produced a fireball of spirit magic in her palm.
In her situation where there was no supply of divine power from Scarlet (her contracted spirit), even for Claire, who was superior, to produce such a small flame took all her might. Naturally, such a thing could not bring down spirits.
However, if she aimed for the elementalists, possibly—there might be a tiny chance of winning.
"Huh? Do you still plan on doing this? You don't learn, do you"
—She heard a scorning voice from her front.
"...!"
She bit her teeth and lifted her head. The two elementalists were standing with ridiculing expressions.
They were the Academy's upper classmen. They were respectively using Adamantine Spirit and Demon Mirror Spirit.
"Hey, are you truly an idiot? You don't even have a contracted spirit."
"That very part of you is irritating, you know."
"...You!"
Aiming at the two upper classmen ridiculing her, Claire released the fireball.
However, the fireball was stopped by the bore-looking Adamantine Spirit and easily repelled.
"Ahahaa, what's that, spirit magic? —Do it, Adamantine!"
The girl on the other side cruelly curved her lips and gave an order to her contracted spirit.
The Adamantine Spirit emitted a blue radiance and rushed and struck Claire's abdomen.
"Agg...!"
A mumbling scream escaped from Claire's mouth.
She did not dare aim for her vital points. She was slowly tormenting her and enjoying herself.
This was not a splendorous blade dance for spirits to enjoy. It was merely unsightly violence.
"...How cheeky, you. Despite being that Calamity Queen's younger sister."
The upper classman's face was really distorted in hatred. While being hit many times over her whole body—finally, Claire recalled. These two were colleagues, who were one-sidedly knocked down by Claire at a practice match a month ago. They were still resentful about that time.
"What's with that look? If you don't give up quickly, you'll really die!"
"It's alright if you quickly kneel down and lick our shoes. Truly, that foolishness is the same as your sister."
"...Shut...up, be silent."
Claire tightly grasped the sand scattered on the ground.
"Hn, did you say something?"
"I said... be silent."
It was no good. She could not restrain it.
(Only abuses at Nee-sama, no matter what, my boiling point for that is low!)
She put divine power into her left hand, which was grasping sand. A black spirit seal that was re-engraved ominously glowed.
And then the moment the path was connected, a horrifying sensation ran all over her body.
She would not be defeated at such a place. There was no value in her weak self.
(To grasp a more powerful power in my hand—!)
"What... a contracted spirit!?"
The upperclassmen's eyes opened in surprise.
"If you wish for it, I'll show you. This is—my true power!"
*Gou!*
The black flame, released from Claire's hand, gulped down the Adamantine Spirit in an instant.
Appearing from within the blazing flame was—
A flickering jet black magic beast.
It was not a noble flame like Scarlet. It was a flame of darkness, showing signs of madness.
*Guo...ruuuuuu...*
The beast's hair-raising roar shook the entire atmosphere in the arena.
"...What's that!?"
Kamito got up from the audience seating and shouted.
The black flame spirit that Claire brought forth engulfed the Adamantine Spirit in front of it in an instant.
—It was not Scarlet.
Its appearance was similar to that hell cat, but the presence of that divine power was overly ominous.
The jet-black flame spirit bit and crushed the demon mirror spirit at the other side and was devouring those remains like a starving beast. That was not all. The spirits around the black spirit suddenly writhed as if going mad and began eating each-others existence.
"The frenzy is spreading...!"
Kamito recalled the demon spirit that appeared in Astral Zero last night.
And about the water spirit that went out of control in the bathroom.
The spirits, in a frenzy, lost their reasoning and were unable to restrain their powers. Until their own existence were extinguished, they would conduct themselves with their impulses for destruction.
However, that black Magic Beast—
(It's forcefully snatching away Claire's divine power!?)
Claire stood rock still at the center of the arena with an exhausted expression.
From the black spirit seal engraved on her left hand, blood was trickling down.
Her face was pale and her whole body was quivering bit by bit. It looked like she was also barely standing.
If the situation was left as it was, she might lose her life.
The spectators, who realized that something was strange with the appearance of the spirits, suddenly began making a commotion.
The elementalist girls, in the arena, were also perplexed at their contracted spirits that suddenly did not listen to their commands.
"Damn, what are the guys in Knights doing?"
Kamito looked around the inside of the arena. Despite being an obviously strange situation, the Spirit Knights that should have been prepared for unexpected situations were not moving. What was going on?
However, the Spirit Knights standing at the arena gate were all rooted at the same spot, staring into empty space. Their eyes were not focused. It was as if they had been entranced—
"...What? What the heck is happening?"
"That's a frenzy spirit, Kamito."
Est, who was beside him, muttered expressionlessly.
"A frenzy spirit?"
"It is a possession-type spirit that causes spirits to go berserk. It isn't such a high status spirit, but the spirit possessed loses its reasoning and, until its own existence vanishes, it will continue to fight."
"Possess—? Don't tell me, that black Magic Beast is Scarlet!?"
"Affirmative. That hell cat is a very powerful spirit, it should not vanish from the extent of being beaten by the demon spirit. It seems that it temporary lost the ability to manifest but—"
"Is that so..."
The fire of the flame spirit remained. However, Claire continuously thought that Scarlet vanished, so she was not able to connect the path.
"—But, in that frenzied condition, vanishing completely is also just a matter of time."
"Ah, I understand."
Kamito nodded.
Scarlet—a flame spirit with the appearance of a hell cat cladded in noble flames.
That was the very flame of a girl named Claire.
That flame turned into a crazy disgusting Magic Beast that was indulging and eating the spirits.
Something like that could not be her—Claire's desired flame.
"—Est. I ask of you, lend me your strength."
"I am Kamito's sword. I'll do as you desire."
Est gently grasped Kamito's hand. There was a feeling of a hand, cold but surprisingly soft.
"Dispassionate Queen of Steel, the sacred sword that destroys evil—now form my sword!"
Kamito spun the releasing of the elemental waffe; at the same time, Est's body turned into particles of light and vanished.
In the next moment, a silver glowing single edged sword appeared in Kamito's hand.
The spirit language inscription, carved on the edge, was—Terminus Est.
Just by lightly holding it, he understood that it was a tremendously famous sword.
"I'm sorry. The path to my true form is closed, so this is the limit for me currently."
Est, who turned into the form of a sword, said apologetically.
"No, this is plenty. —Let's go, Est!"
Kamito prepared Terminus Est and jumped into the arena where the raging black flame was.
The moment he landed onto the ground, the magic beast of darkness bared its fangs and pounced to attack him.
He brandished the sword with a flourish, knocked away the black flame, and rushed over to Claire's side.
"Claire!"
"...Kamito"
Claire opened her ruby-colored eyes.
Her knees were on the ground and she was breathing heavily. Her delicate body was going to collapse at any time.
The blood, trickling from the spirit seal on her left hand, was dyeing the sand scattered on the ground red.
At that moment, the black Flame Magic Beast mowed onto the ground with its claws, like it was making fun of it.
There was the scent of burning in the air. The hot wind with pebbles mixed in gently brushed Kamito's cheeks.
"...!?"
In a hair's breadth, Kamito dodged the black flame's claws. He drove in a slash at the black flame spirit that was just knocked down.
The silver sword flash drew an arc. The elemental waffe of the sword spirit cut up even the intangible flames—
The black Flame Magic Beast let out an ear-splitting scream and broke up in the air. It didn't mean that it vanished. The flames that were scattered were burning at their respective positions and formed a flaming wall surrounding Kamito in it. Kamito clicked his tongue and stopped at that spot.
"Claire, get yourself together, come to your senses!"
"Wh...What... Why are you here—"
A confused expression surfaced on Claire's face—
"...!?"
Then, as if she just began to realize it, she opened her eyes in terror.
The scene that flew into her eyes was a cruel disastrous scene.
There was a blazing, disgusting black flame.
A group of spirits was in a frenzy and were devouring each other.
The students of the academy were losing their consciousness from having their divine power eaten and were falling down to the ground one by one—
"Claire, is this the power you wanted? Something like this? These are your flames!"
Kamito shouted as if he was throwing up.
While he cleared away the attacking flame with the sword, he reached out his hand towards Claire.
"I...I...—"
Claire moved her lips with her pale facial expression—
She instantly shook her head as if she had changed her mind.
"Sh...Shut up! I... I need the power!"
The red twintail hair violently sprung up.
The black flame blazed even more as if responding to Claire's fury.
"...You don't understand. My feelings of being always alone—"
Claire lay face down and said that while gasping.
That day, four years ago, was when the still childish Claire Elstein's life ended.
The girl, who was betrayed by her most loved sister, had both her parents imprisoned and lost everything, was—
To live taking persecutions as Calamity Queen's sister.
If she didn't become strong alone, she would not be able to live on.
"...You're not alone, idiot."
"Eh?"
At Kamito's words—
Claire raised her head with a blank expression.
"I am here. I'll be by your side. After all, I'm—"
Kamito approached Claire with a step.
The flame wall in their surroundings burned with intimidation.
"D...Don't come here..."
"Claire—"
"Do not come here!"
*Pashin!*— She closed her eyes and strongly struck her leather whip at Kamito's cheek.
Red blood flowed from his cheek. Kamito did not even wipe that and took another step—
"...!? Why didn't you avoid it?"
Claire's cherry-colored lips were quivering.
"I didn't plan on hitting... and yet."
Kamito stood before Claire and slowly raised his hand over his head.
"...!"
Claire thought it was a strike, and reflexively closed her eyes tightly.
Then—
....*Poff*.
"Eh?"
Claire widely opened her ruby-colored eyes.
She looked up at Kamito with a blank expression.
"—Claire, I like your flames."
Kamito stirred up and crumpled Claire's red hair.
"...Wh!? Ah, ...Li...Like...? Eh?"
Claire's cheeks were dyed bright red inside.
"They burn prettily, dazzlingly and nobly. I like your flames."
"Ah, sh...sh..."
—That was why he wanted to protect those flames.
"If you want power—"
Kamito looked straight into Claire's eyes and said.

"I'll be your contracted spirit."

"Kamito..."
In Claire's red eyes, a drop of tear surfaced—
Confused, she wiped it with her uniform sleeve.
"Wh...What are you saying? You are originally my Slave Spirit!"
"Ah, that is right..."
Kamito bitterly smiled and gently removed his hand from Claire's head.
At that moment, he sliced and drove away the black Flame Magic Beast that roared and advanced while attacking with the sword.
With his back facing Claire, he blocked its way like a knight protecting a princess.
"—Hey, Scarlet. Did you forget your precious master?"
With Kamito's words thrown at it, the black flame that clad the Magic Beast trembled for a moment.
Scarlet—it seemed to respond to that name.
"...Scarlet?"
Claire asked.
"Ah, it wasn't that your partner vanished. It just temporarily lost its power. Although, it's now possessed by a frenzy spirit and it has changed into such an appearance."
"...Scarlet is alive!?"
Claire was taken aback and raised her head. Kamito nodded.
"Ah, this sword—Est informed me."
"...That's, by no means, that Sword Spirit?"
"That's right. But she probably can't even use a tenth of her original power."
Taking a stance with Terminus Est in both his hands, Kamito turned towards the black flame magic beast.
"..."
Claire stared at the thunderously raging black flame.
She saw something within that flame and swiftly raised her head—
"...Yes, that is Scarlet."
She wiped her tears to shake it off.
"If that's the case—"
"Claire, stand back. A frenzied spirit will attack even its contractor."
Kamito restrained Claire, who planned to go to the front, with his hand—
Claire stopped that hand and shook her head.
"Scarlet is in a frenzy because of me. Therefore, only I can take her back."
—Flames, dance in my hand, dance!
Spun from her cherry-colored lips was the spirit language aria.
At that moment, a small fireball was born at the palm of her hand.
"Spirit Magic? What can such a small fireball—"
"—Like this."
At that instant, Claire pushed the burning fireball into her left hand.
There was the sound of flesh burning.
"O...Oi, Claire!?"
"...A...gu...uuuu—!"
While barely clenching her teeth, Claire moaned in anguish.
On her pale face, perspiration like waterfalls flowed along her chin.
"You...!"
Kamito finally understood.
The black spirit seal, re-engraved on Claire's left hand—that was the symbol of contract with that frenzy spirit.
The spirit seal was an exclusive Gate to connect the path between Astral Zero and this world.
If that was destroyed, naturally, the contract with the spirit would be annulled.
Claire was physically burning the spirit seal and was breaking the contract with the frenzy spirit!
*Guorooooouuu...*
The Magic Beast, clad in black flames, raged like a thunderous wind.
With the path being burned off, it shared the same pain as Claire, its contractor.
"Sorry, Scarlet, I too... will endure—"
Claire was putting up with the pain and that moment when Claire's knees hit the ground—
The frenzied magic beast roared and sprung at Claire.
"—!"
Kamito quickly stepped in and got into the magic beast's bosom in one bound.
The claws, clad in flames, burned the ends of his hair and at that instant—he slashed down with the sword when they passed each other.
There was a flashing sword swing. At the same time, the red hot flames that could melt even iron attacked Kamito's whole body—
"Kamito!"
Claire's scream resounded.
However, Kamito's body had already disappeared.
The moment the sword and the claws crossed, he dodged like a shadow and had turned to the flame spirit's back.
(—A frenzied spirit certainly has its power greatly increased.)
The black flame spirit turned around—but it was too late.
(However, no matter what, its movements became dull. In that case, it can't win against me—)
Kamito kicked the ground and sharply turned, and swung the silver shining Terminus Est—
With that stroke of the sword, the black flame, possessing the flame spirit, was severed and killed.
"—Claire, are you alright?!"
Kamito rushed over, Claire was lying on the floor with a pale face.
From her red forelock clinging onto her forehead, drops of perspiration were dripping down.
"A...guu...!"
A gasping, like it was hoarse from her inner throat, leaked out. Her left hand sustained a severe burn.
Just the texture of her thin pretty skin was hideously burned, that scar was too painful to look at.
However, the black spirit seal that was engraved disappeared without leaving any trace.
With this, the path with that frenzy spirit should be completely severed.
"That was so reckless. Look, I'll treat it for you, so show it to me."
"I...I'm fine, it's just this much..."
Claire's cheeks turned slightly red and she quickly turned away.
At that moment, intense pain was suddenly running all over, causing her to softly scream "Hyauu" and making her eyes turn teary.
"What, you're not being honest."
"Sh...Shut up, I'll turn you into cinders!"
Kamito bitterly smiled at Claire's usual behavior.
—However, this is the usual Claire Rouge.
She was not suited to have just a sorrowful face.
"By the way, where—"
Suddenly, Kamito turned serious and asked.
"What..."
"Where did you contract something like a frenzy spirit?"
"That's—"
Claire stammered with her words and at that time.
"Ah, did you receive my present with pleasure?"
From behind, they heard such an inappropriate voice.
It was a gentle voice, like downy hair tickling one's earlobe.
"...!?"
It sounded familiar—but that was out of the question.
For three years, he always—yearned to hear it, that voice.
Kamito slowly turned around.
And there—
A beautiful girl, wearing a dark black dress, was giggling.
Kamito stood still at that place with a frozen expression.
"Don't tell me, tha..t's..."
What was there was—
A girl, who was the very light to Kamito.
She gave the boy, who had closed his heart into a cold cage, a warm light—
"...Res...tia?"
Kamito muttered in a blurry voice.
"—It has been quite a long time, Kamito."
The girl, wearing a darkness-color dress, impishly smiled.
...It was unbelievable.
However, that appearance was the same as it was from that time, three years ago.
That beautiful face, without doubt, belonged to the girl, who Kamito knew.
The darkness spirit, Restia.
The contracted spirit of the strongest blade dancer—Ren Ashbell.
"Restia, I—"
Kamito reached out his hand and he planned to approach the girl.
However, his legs, as if they were sewed on to that place, could not move.
Despite that, the girl who he was continuously searching for the last three years, was right in front of him—
—Something was strange. His elementalist intuition was telling him that.
She was smiling like that.
Moveover, in the girl's hand, what was that ominous black lump?
"I wanted to meet you, Kamito. However—"
The girl faced that black lump at the altar in the center and threw it there.
"...?"
"Let's leave the hug to the next opportunity. Look, as that child wakes up."
When the black lump turned into a fog in midair, it surrounded the holy stone pillar at the altar.
The stone pillar that was brought in from the imperial capital and in which was the sealed militarized spirit.
"Restia... What in the world are—?"
Kamito muttered and at that time.
Suddenly, the ground violently shook.
"What...!?"
"Ah, looks like it has already woken up."
"Restia...?"
"Kamito, be careful! She is the one who gave me that frenzy spirit!"
Claire shouted to the absentminded boy.
"Wh...at...!?"
At that moment, a ground-shaking roar resounded.
*Pishii*— the stone pillar enveloped in the black fog cracked.
*Zu...zuzu...zuzuzuzu...!*
From the tear in the stone pillar, a giant human hand appeared.
That was—
(Glasya-Labolas is—going into a frenzy!?)
Taken aback, he turned around. Restia was giggling.
That somewhat devilish smile was something Kamito had never seen.
"—Good bye, Kamito. Let's meet again."
"Restia... What is going on!? What are you—"
"Because that is your wish."
"...!?"
Kamito's face froze.
"Wait—Please wait, Restia!"
"I had waited, it has already been three years."
"Resti..."
Restia smiled once again and disappeared into the empty space that became a black fog.
Kamito dropped both his hands like he was exhausted and stood still and dumbfounded.
—He did not understand what had happened.
(Restia gave Claire that frenzy spirit...?)
He could not believe it. No, he did not want to believe it.
However, the girl's appearance belonged to the darkness spirit that he had certainly been continuously searching for.
His former contracted spirit.
The girl showed Kamito, who lost his human heart, his first warm light.
If that girl changed, that—
(It's my fault... I had changed her into something different.)
The Blade Dance three years ago.
Kamito, who came out victorious as Ren Ashbell,—
Attempted to have a Wish that humans can never wish for to be granted.
For that reason, he decided to lose her.
He believed that she would be alive somewhere.
The aching of the spirit seal engraved on his left hand whispered.
—She would be alive again. He could still make up for his crimes.
By no means, it became that they met up again in such a manner—it was something he never thought of.
"Restia... Is this my punishment?"
If that was the case, it was too cruel.
Like his whole body's strength was drawn out and he was going to collapse, his knees hit the ground.
He was plunged into darkness.
"Kamito!? Hey, are you listening, Kamito!"
Even Claire's voice calling for Kamito was only absentmindedly heard.
Once again, the ground violently shook.
Passing through the Gate opened in the empty space, Glasya-Labolas was attempting to emerge.
The wall of the arena collapsed due to the tremor and a large amount of rubble poured down over Kamito's head.
Just before his body was going to be crushed—that moment.
*Pashii*— Kamito's head was twined around by a whip.
"...Guoo!"
Kamito was violently dragged along the ground and he made an anguished voice.
Immediately after, a large amount of rubble fell at the place where Kamito had been at.
There was a thunderous sound. Clouds of dust fluttered up in the air.
...If he was crushed, he would have, without a doubt, died.
"Idiot! Wh...What are you doing!"
Over his head, Claire took up a daunting pose and shouted.
"Hey, do you want to die? Or do you want to turn to cinders?"
"No, not those two choices—Guoo!"
"Hmm, if you can retort, you are alright, aren't you!"
Claire constricted Kamito's head with her whip and with a jerk, drew her face closer.
"..."
It was at a point-blank distance as if the tips of their noses were touching.
Her ruby-colored pupils, filled with a strong will, were before his eyes.
Nevertheless in such a moment, Kamito was reflexively startled.
"...Come on, what? What is it?"
Seemingly noticing that her face was too close, Claire's cheeks turned red and she slightly loosened her whip.
"It...It's not like I'm particularly interested but... for once, listen up."
"Wh...What..."
"That girl just now, h...how is she related to you?"
"She—"
Kamito averted his eyes from Claire's clear eyes
"Was my contracted spirit."
"Spirit?"
Kamito silently nodded and clenched his left hand.
"...It's my fault. It's my fault that she—"
Thoughts of her made Kamito sink into the dark abyss once again,—
"So what!"
Claire's voice, which was cold, drew him back.
"Eh?"
"I am saying so what!"
Claire was standing straight up, with both hands on her waist and her twintail hair over her shoulder.
Until a while ago, she was extremely depressed.
Now, there was above all else her noble, beautiful crimson flame.
"No, it is because I..."
Kamito was taken aback and became dumbfounded—
"Didn't you promise me just now that 'I'll be your contracted spirit'?! Please hold on to the responsibility of your own words!"
*Pishipashi!* Claire struck Kamito's back with her whip.
"Ouch! Wh...What are you doing! Whipping a dead person!"
Without thought, Kamito stood up and shouted.
Claire suddenly smiled.
"A dead person? Then how about dying once? Look, look at that."
"Aah?"
Kamito turned his face—
From the Gate in the empty space, bluish-white light emitted and Glasya-Labolas came crawling out.
The battle-class militarized spirit, whose seal was undone; its over-all length was more than ten-odd meters.
Glasya-Labolas roared. With just that roar, half of the audience seats were blown away.
It seemed that the audience had already escaped, but there should still be many citizens outside the arena.
From the giant empty hole in the wall, the state of the plaza could be observed.
Everyone was screaming and jostling, while running away. In response to the sudden appearance of Glasya-Labolas, the plaza and the main street were filled with chaos and agonizing cries.
Placing its hand on the crumbled arena wall, Glasya-Labolas slowly walked out.
With his every step, the ground shook as if an earthquake occurred.
How things would turn out, if such a thing got into the town was quite obvious.
"Waiting for help from the academy would be pointless. They will arrive too late. Just the two of us will have to do this."
"...Ah, that's right."
However—Kamito still had not recovered from the shock.
Even Terminus Est, which he was tightly grasping, was losing that cool and clear radiance.
An elemental waffe would demonstrate its true value according to the elementalist's divine power.
With Kamito's current condition, he was unable to even maintain the sword's strength.
For example, even if he fought, it was certain that it would be instantly broken.
"..."
Claire stared at Kamito in such a state with a rigid expression.
"It seems like you're still half asleep. If that's the case, I'll wake you up."
After that, for some reason, her face turned red and she quickly looked away.
And, in the next moment.
"...!?"
Suddenly, his lips were closed.
It was hot. It was a tender sensation that was gently getting wet.
His nose was tickled by the faint scent of her hair.
"Hn..."
Several seconds later, their lips slowly separated.
"Are you awake?"
"...A...Ah."
Kamito nodded like he was befuddled.
"Th...This is something... only once."
Biting her lips, Claire turned bright red and looked downwards.

The numbing kiss had blown away all the anguish from Kamito's mind.
"...Shock therapy? However, this is a little too effective."
"Hm...hmm, that's fine! —Well then, let's go, Kamito!"
While her face was bright red, Claire spun the spirit language summoning.
—Protector of red flames, watchman of the unsleeping hearth!
—Now is the time, by the blood contract, hurry and come to my side!
Immediately, a blazing flame whip was born in Claire's hand.
It was not the black flame, invaded by the frenzy spirit.
That was the flame of the noble Claire Rouge—Scarlet's elemental waffe.
"Thank you, Scarlet. Lend me your power for just a bit longer."
Responding to Claire's feelings, the flame whip thunderously growled.
"I won't make Scarlet, who is weakened, do something unreasonable. I'll go around it to support, so you strike that giant human spirit."
"Ah, I got it!"
Kamito firmly nodded and tightly grasped Terminus Est.
(—That's right.) It is alright to not think about Restia now.
(Now, just—)
(To protect this tomboy princess because that's what I promised!)
Taking a stance with the sword, Kamito kicked the ground and jumped.
"I'll show you, Claire Rouge"
The Strongest Blade Dancer—Ren Ashbell's blade dance!
Glasya-Labolas smashed the stone wall and stepped his foot out to the plaza outside the arena.
Kamito took a roundabout path to its behind and with a one-step jump, he pierced its ankle with the sword.
*Vuoooooon!*
Glasya-Labolas let out a destructive roar. While the shock seemed to be blowing him away, Kamito clung onto the sword that pierced it.
(...What power! As expected of a militarized spirit!)
The eyes of the giant, that were burning in anger, caught sight of Kamito's figure at its feet.
It roared again and swung down its boulder-like fist.
Kamito pulled out the sword and jumped back, then using the giant's arm as a stepping stone, he jumped again.
In order to crush Kamito, who appeared on top of his head, Glasya-Labolas reached out with its hand—
At that moment, when it seemed like it caught his ankle.
"Kamito!"
Claire swung her flame whip and bound that arm. As Scarlet was exhausted, cutting up the spirit could not be done. However, roughly sealing its movement was possible.
There was the thunderous sound of the wind blowing violently. Glasya-Labolas shifted its anger to Kamito on its head. In the state of passing by, Kamito brandished the sword. He cut the black crystal-like eyeball.
At that moment, from the eyeball that cracked, something like a black fog was blown out.
(That's the frenzy spirit...!?)
The black fog coiled about the sword. Just at that moment, the tip of its edge was corroding to black.
Kamito was taken aback. —The frenzy spirit was a spirit that granted crazy attribute to spirits.
(Est is being encroached—!)
Kamito twisted his body and swung and cleared away the black fog.
He broke his stance in the air and was about to strike the ground as he was.
Then, Glasya-Labolas' fist swung downwards.
Kamito took a stance with the sword in front of him—but he did not make it!
"...!"
Glasya-Labolas' fist was—precisely stopped above his head.
Its arm, which was about to swing down at any time, was twisted with a burning flame whip.
"Kamito! Now's the chance, quickly do it!"
"Ah—"
Kamito laughed fearlessly, stood up and concentrated his consciousness on the sword.
The elemental waffe of the sword spirit, Est, increased in radiance as it responded to Kamito's feelings
He kicked the ground and jumped. Kamito's sword once again danced in the midair.
And then—
"Oooooooooooo!"
The shining flashing sword cut Glasya-Labola's body right in half.
With the shining sword in his hand, Kazehaya Kamito danced a splendorous blade dance—
That was almost—
Like the blade dance of Ren Ashbell, who she saw at the stage of the Blade Dance three years ago.
(...Don't tell me.)
The moment Glasya-Labolas turned into particles of light, the flame whip returned to the form of a small hell cat. Claire tenderly embraced the flame spirit, which became small like a kitten.
"—Thank you, Scarlet."

Opening his eyes, Kamito found himself lying in bed again.
It was not Rinslet's room this time.
There were large bookcases and shelves of medicine; this should be the health center of the academy.
It looked like he couldn't shoulder the burden of elemental waffe and passed out, again.
After all, he was still in a physical condition where he had to lie down and rest, so it was no wonder that he collapsed when performing a blade dance in such a state.
(Oh... I really can't do it the same as old times.)
Kamito smiled bitterly at the wrist wrapped in bandages.
To have a blank period of three-years is too much for an elementalist.
Kamito was about to slowly get up from bed—
"Kamito, you woke up?"
A voice could be heard from somewhere.
Looking around, he couldn't see anyone.
Then something wiggled inside the bed sheets.
"—What!"
Kamito quickly pulled up the sheets.
Inside, there is the naked sword spirit.
"...Est, what are you doing here!"
"Sleeping with you." Est replied with a deadpan look.
"Not that, I am asking why are you in my bed!"
"Because I am your contracted spirit."
"......"
There's no use. She is not the type you could communicate with easily.
Kamito held his head that started aching little by little.
Just at that time. *Tramp*- suddenly the door opened.
"Kamito, have you woken up—"
Claire stiffened as she came inside the room.
*Gogogogogo...!*
"This is not how it looks..."
But with a naked girl only in knee-socks on top of him, whatever explanations given were futile.
"You... You! What the hell are you doing?"
A burning flame whip appeared in Claire's hand.
"You are in the way, Sword Spirit. I am going to turn this guy into charcoal cinders. Please move aside!"
"No, I am Kamito's contract spirit. To protect him is my duty."
"Sword ... sword spirit, listen! Kamito... Kamito is my Slave Spirit, so you as his contract spirit, are in my possession as well."
"Kamito, is it true?"
"Well ... No... See..."
As Kamito struggled for words, other sounds could be heard from the corridor.
"Milady if you don't hurry, Miss Claire will be the first!"
"Being the first or not, for me, doesn't mean—"
"...Eh? Rinslet and Carol, what are you doing here?"
"Knight, Knight commander, you too, why are you here...!?"
"I ... I'm just here to express our gratitude to Kamito on behalf of the Sylphid Knights. There is absolutely no other meaning!"
The three princesses opened the door as they had their conversation.
Then- all witnessed Est on the bed at the same time.
"What!" "Oops!" "What on earth..."
*Googogogog...*
Ellis conjured up Ray Hawk; Rinslet called out Ice Longbow.
Last, an inexplicable frying pan was in Carol's hand out of nowhere.
"Kamito, what last words do you have to say?"
Claire waved her flame whip and smiled.
"Wait... This is a mistake- oh wa ah ah ah ah ah ah!"
The flame whip mercilessly lashed down on Kamito's head.
The grand feast for elementalists—Blade Dance would be held in two months.
FIN

—You be my contracted spirit!
With that, nice to meet you, or perhaps, long time no see, this is Shimizu Yuu.
My new series, 'Seirei Tsukai no Blade Dance', raises its curtains here!
This story is an alternate world fantasy x battle action where the main character, a young boy named Kamito, meets a ferocious, beautiful girl Claire in an academy that trains elementalists and together they aim to fight in a grand battle tournament— 'Blade Dance'!
Contracted spirits that can transform into weapons —'Elemental Waffe'— that are used by beautiful girls to fight, spirits that only girls are supposed to be able to use, the main character is a young boy that was able to make a contract, the secret of the crest engraved on the young boy's left hand, the powerful sealed spirit that was sealed into a scared sword, and the tsundere princesses x3 (the maid included) + a cool cute mysterious girl, and so on, with all sorts of content. Anyways, I have enjoyed writing it. "I'll turn you to cinders!" is the favorite phrase of an excellent but ferocious, beautiful girl heroine, Claire. Kamito's fate of being made to be her slave spirit(?) and so on...!
Ah, although I said battle, the basis is an academy romance comedy, the battle of love of the girls surrounding Kamito is also steadily turning to a dead heat! Even after this, I'll try my best to aim for "increased love, double the fun, superior battles!". It will be a blessing if all you dear readers also somehow enjoy yourselves lightheartedly!
Now for the thanks. I am truly grateful to many people for the start of my new series.
First, Sakura Hanpen-sensei, who drew superb cute beautiful girls + spirit, truly thank you very much. Every time, I received a draft, I was in agony. The girls' expression and poses are very charming. The girls are also cute but the cat is magnificently cute.
The glittering star administrators of MFJ that read my manuscript many times, and gave me precious advice and ideas, truly thank you very much. You have my gratitude for all the advice.
The chief editor, Misaka, the proofreading team, the binding team, the sales team and the rest that had something to do with this work, to everyone, thank you very much.
And now, my greatest thanks is to all you readers holding onto this book in your hands. Shimizu's release of this book is something due to everyone's support. The questionnaires made me really happy!
—Well then, let's meet again in volume two!
November 2010, Shimizu Yuu
Nice to meet you, I go by Sakura Hanpen.
This is the first time I'm drawing light novel illustrations.
I have been really tense.
It is good when I draw cutely, however...!
Personally, my favorite is Scarlet, neko-yan!
For humans, Rinslet is my favorite.
Things like tsundere ojou-sama are my specialty, how cute...
Shimizu-sensei, also, I request the next to be Rinslet's naughty scene please. Without fail.
While making such a naughty request, 1 volume ended!


Passages excavated in the solid bedrock were piled up in several layers.
A boy had been walking alone through the inside of the institution where crimson flames swirled.
He had glossy black hair. His attire covered his whole body in black and could be mistaken for darkness.
His girlish looks still retained some innocence, but his jet-black pupils were emotionless, only reflecting the flames that flickered inhumanly.
Who was it that destroyed the institution of the Instructional School, that had many combatants, in merely half a day?— The boy had no way of knowing.
Was it the capital's Spirit Knights, or an accident due to a rampaging sealed spirit?
The instructional teachers, who drilled combat skills into the boy, were nowhere to be found.
Had they escaped, or it might be that they were already dead.
If that was the case, the boy would be released and would become a free man.
But.
(Such things are trivial...)
The boy, who had his heart stolen away, had become apathetic to everything.
Except for her, the one and only exception.
The darkness spirit, Restia— the highest level sealed spirit that was given to him by the teachers of the institution.
The girl had granted light to his heart that was shut in darkness.
(She's the only one that I'll absolutely protect.)
Within the blazing flames, the boy's goal was the shrine that was beneath the institution.
In the shrine, there were many artifacts of sealed spirits that were illegally excavated by the Instructional School —that was strong enough to even be comparable to a small nation's military strength— resting.
The ring that sealed Restia should also be stored over there.
The spirit seal that was the proof of a spirit contract had not yet been engraved on the boy's hand.
The teachers of the institution were cautious of him possessing more power than necessary and had not permitted the exchanging of a spirit contract.
The boy held the power to exchange feelings with a spirit while having the body of a male— the same nature as the Demon King.
The teachers were afraid that he would rebel after contracting with the highest level darkness spirit.
"—Onii-sama!"
The sound of a girl came from behind.
"Muir?"
There was only one person who would call him onii-sama.
The boy turned around and saw a young girl behind him.
She had ash-grey hair that was tied up on both sides of her head.
Along with her blue clear pupils, she had lovely rose-bud-like lips.
Her skin that could be seen from the gaps of her black combat uniform was white like virgin snow.
"Muir, you still haven't escaped?"
"Mou, I was searching for you, onii-sama!"
The girl —Muir Alenstarl— pouted her cheeks like she was angry.
Naturally, the boy, who was an orphan, had no sisters.
'Onii-sama' was just something she called him willfully.
"What happened to those watching over us?"
"I killed them."
She answered without a flicker of her eyebrow.
"It's because they tried to hinder me from searching for onii-sama."
She neither boasted nor felt regret about the murder.
She just killed because it was a necessary task— It could be said to be something like that.
"I see..."
Although there was no sympathy for those who were killed.
As the ones who had raised her as a slaughtering weapon were none other than they themselves.
Muir Alenstarl was the Instructional School's second ranking combatant.
In this institution literally composed of monsters, the girl was nicknamed “Monster.”
While the boy held overwhelming combat skills, he had not yet killed even a single person. He was a being that drew the line.
"Onii-sama, you too, what are you doing here?"
This time, Muir was the one who asked.
"The ring that sealed Restia is in the underground shrine. I'm going to retrieve it."
"Ah, Onii-sama, as you already have Muir, you don't need things like contracted spirits."
Muir frowned with her cute lips, seemingly bored.
"That reminds me, where's Lily?"
Lily Flame was the seventh member attached to same unit as the boy and Muir.
"Lily? ...Uhmm, she might have been killed by the crimson giant."
"Crimson giant?"
"The thing that attacked the institution a few hours ago. That outrageously strong flame spirit."
At that instant.
The ground suddenly shook.
"—It's coming onii-sama!"
".....!?"
Suddenly, from the depths of the passage, he felt an intense presence.
Crimson flames, spouting out high, burned up the ceiling like it was nothing, and at that moment.
What appeared from within the flames was— a roaring giant of flames.
In its hand that was like a lump of lava, it was gripping a sword of blazing scarlet flames.
(A flame spirit? No, that's...)
It was not a simple flame spirit.
A hair-raising chill ran all over the boy's body.
That was the very symbol of destruction.
Just by looking straight at its existence, his mind began being scraped away.
(I'm certain— That's a devil-class spirit!)
It was the being that had destroyed the Instructional School, that held many elementalists, in merely a few hours.
It was said that the power of a devil-class spirit pulled through even a division of the spirit knights.
(This isn't an opponent I can fight without a contracted spirit...)
The flame spirit seemed to have noticed them.
Clad completely in flames, it melted the bedrock as it slowly approached them.
"Onii-sama, leave that to Muir."
Muir licked the ring placed on her small hand.
She planned on using an anti-spirit militarized spirit
"Muir, that is not a being that a human can manage."
"No problem. Muir isn't a human— Muir is a 'monster'."
An ominous spirit seal glowed on Muir's right hand.
No, that was not a spirit seal, but a Cursed Armament Seal that the Instruction School had given.
Jester's Vise — It was the reason why Muir was called Monster.
"Goodbye, Onii-sama."
"—Muir!!!"
The young boy stretched his hands out towards her shoulders and at that moment.
The crimson flames released by the giant thoroughly burned the boy's field of vision.

The rampaging incident of the spirit led to the destruction of the Instructional School
That was something from a year before the boy appeared at the front stage as the strongest blade dancer.
It was an event that occurred in a remote region of the empire that was not even marked on the map.


*Chirp, chirp...*
The twittering of birds from inside the Spirit Forest that surrounded the academy could be heard within the dorms.
"Mm..."
Opening his eyes and rising up from his bed, he found his own half-asleep face reflected in the window glass.
His black hair was ruffled from sleeping. He also had an insecure look in his eyes.
Compared to the innocent looks in his dream, his impression had changed greatly.
(Four years ago... huh?)
It had been a long time since he last had a dream about that period of time.
It was probably the first time he had one since coming to this academy.
To be frank, it was a memory he did not even want to recall...
Kamito unintentionally cast his sight down to his left hand, where a spirit seal was engraved.
The seal of the darkness spirit— the left hand which grasped victory at the Blade Dance three years ago.
(Now I am trying to return to that arena once more.)
With the Blade Dance drawing near, he was probably feeling emotionally overwrought without realizing it.
That must also have been why he had a dream about that period of time.
As he was about to get off his bed―
"......"
Kamito noticed something.
His body felt strangely heavy.
Something soft and pleasant was mounted on top of his waist.
"......?!"
Startled, Kamito flipped his blanket vigorously.
And then.
"Fua... Good morning, Kamito."
"E-Est?!"
A lovely voice rang, just like a bell.
The one straddling Kamito's waist— was a silver-haired beauty.
She had mysterious violet eyes. Her skin was white like freshly extracted milk.
The figure in question, who was rubbing her drowsy-looking eyelids, was just as lovely as a snow fairy.
The sword spirit Est. She was Kamito's contracted spirit, and was also entitled "Demon Slayer."
Apparently, she had snuck into Kamito's bed without him knowing.
On top of that, her attire was—
"What's wrong, Kamito?"
Still straddling his waist, Est looked down at him expressionlessly.
"H-Hey, your attire..."
Est was fully naked― No, she was not.
She was dressed up properly.
However—
"Kamito?"
Est tilted her head blankly. Kamito averted his eyes in a fluster.
Est was wearing Kamito's uniform shirt over her naked body.
She was probably not wearing underwear. Her attire was what called a naked-shirt[1].
From the exposed bosom, her slightly exposed white skin was strangely captivating.
The cuffs were big and excessive, but they gave him an unnecessary maniacal feeling nonetheless.
"Wha—? Est, why are you wearing my uniform?"
"Kamito told me that I can't sleep naked together with you."
Est replied expressionlessly.
Kamito was startled as soon as she tightly grabbed the chest area of the shirt.
"Yeah, I did tell you so."
Being at his wits' end, Kamito groaned.
"But please, at least put on some panties."
"...Pan...ties?"
"Why are you making that wondering face?!"
It might be the case that spirits have the habit of wearing knee-socks, but do not have the habit of wearing panties.
(...Nah, Restia did wear underwear properly.)
Just when he was thinking about that―
"Hm?"
Suddenly, Kamito felt something out of place about Est's appearance.
It was not just about her wearing a naked-shirt― There seemed to be something very different about Est this morning.
Kamito intently examined Est's whole body.
"Kamito... Um, if you stare at me that much, I'll get embarrassed."
The expressionless Est blushed in an unusual manner, squirmed on top of his waist and rubbed her knees together.
At that moment, Kamito finally realized it.
From the shirt-tail, her white thighs crept into sight.
And then came her slender and smooth ankles like sculptures made of marble.
What Est was wearing— wasn't her usual knee-high socks.
She was wearing short socks, the length of which was just about up to her ankles.
"Est, what's with those socks?"
"Well, I thought Kamito would be pleased with these kind of socks."
With her face still red, Est firmly pinned down the shirt-tail.
This was his first time seeing Est making such an expression.
It appeared that to her, exposing her bare feet was really embarrassing.
"Kamito, are you turned on by my short socks?"
"Nah, because I don't have such a maniacal fetish, you know?"
"...I see. That means this is still not enough to make you satisfied."
Est dropped her shoulders, seemingly disappointed.
"Still, it is quite impossible for me to show you my bare feet."
"I'm telling you, I don't have such a fetish."
Kamito groaned and shook his head. He really could not understand the spirits' sense of shame.
(Even so―)
It was the truth that his heart pounded at Est's expression of blushing and being bashful in an unusual manner.
The sword spirit was always calm and expressionless.
That was exactly why he wanted to try seeing more of her bashful expression.
(What will happen if I touch them, I wonder?)
Suddenly, Kamito's mind was tempted.
Anyhow, it was because Est, not any other girl, was bashful to this extent.
What would happen if he touched her bare feet? —He wanted to try seeing it.
"......"
Kamito quietly reached out his hand—
*Coochy*.
He tickled Est's small foot.
"...Hyan!"
A sweet voice leaked out from her lips.
Est's body bent with a start.
"...Kamito, what are you doing?!"
"Hm? I'm massaging you."
*Coochy coochy*.
"Hya...a-n..."
Twisting her body, Est was in agony, seemingly tickled.
Such a reaction was so cute that it drove Kamito to―
*Coochy*. *Coochy coochy coochy*.
"...A-n, please... Stop it..."
"No. This is your punishment."
"...Punishment?"
"Because Est is a bad girl for sneaking in my bed as she pleases."
*Coochy coochy*.
"Ann, Kami...to... Forgive... Me."
Tears were shed from Est's limpid eyes as she pleaded while gasping.
...As expected, she now looked a little pitiful.
"Have you reflected on your behavior?"
"Y...es..."
Kamito ceased tickling, and Est fell lying face-down in exhaustion.
Kamito gently held Est back as she flopped onto him.
"...Kamito is so mean."
Est pouted her lips in an unusual manner.
"My bad. Est is just so cute... So I did it without thinking."
He gently stroked Est's silver hair while making a bitter smile.
Just at that moment.
The room temperature rose instantly.
"...?!"
*Gogogogogogogo...!*
From behind him, a horrifying killing aura... No, heat was emitted.
When he turned around at the unpleasant premonition―
"Y-Y-You guys... Wh-Wh-Wh-Wh-What are you doing?"
With her red twintails standing on end, the beautiful girl was trembling all over.
Her ruby eyes were imposing. Her lips had the color of cherry blossoms in early blooming. The bulge on her chest was just about the same as that of a kid, but that well-balanced proportion of hers was very charming.
Claire Rouge.
If it was appearance alone, she was exceptionally cute, an ultra beautiful girl without any exaggeration.
However, as she was now, she was more terrifying than any ferocious spirit.
"I-I've misjudged you. I-I didn't know you're such a pervert...!"
"Y-You got it wrong, Claire. This is, well, you see..."
Kamito was attempting to give an excuse while in a fluster, but―
For this particular instance, it was absolutely not a misunderstanding. There was no way to make an excuse.
"Kamito-kun, I think your foot-tickling play is indeed too maniacal."
Appearing from behind Claire, Fianna quietly cast her eyes down, seemingly sad.
It seemed like she had seen everything. ...He would rather die now.
"Kamito, how hot would you order me to grill you?"
Claire smiled pleasantly while holding her blazing Flametounge.
A smile of an angel that would make one unexpectedly fascinated.
"Medium rare... or so."
"Too bad. I only know roasting to cinders."
Claire raised her whip of flame overhead―
"―Turn into cinders already!"
Kamito was blown off towards the outside of the window.
And so, Kamito greeted another morning just like usual, but―
After eating breakfast, the situation was a little different.
The bell sounding the start of classes had already rung long ago, yet everyone still remained in their rooms in the dorm.
"This one and this one. This one should be necessary too... Geez, Scarlet. Don't play with the luggage."
"Nyaa?"
The flame spirit in the form of a hell cat was playing by rolling Claire's outfits as if they were a yarn ball.
Seeing a glimpse of white underwear among that lump, Kamito averted his eyes in a hurry.
Claire and Fianna were sitting on each of their beds, packing stuff into their own bags.
They were preparing to head to Astral Zero, the stage of the Blade Dance.
It had been two weeks since Team Scarlet defeated the Silent Fortress ― Velsaria Eva, who was ranked number one within the academy, and obtained the right to participate in the Blade Dance. Together with the two teams that got into the determined representative trio, they were going to fight to the bitter end several days from now on as a representative of the Ordesia Empire.
"Claire, did you get enough sleep yesterday?"
"Of course. Keeping your physical condition in control is the basics for an elementalist after all."
Claire nodded while holding back from yawning, which she had already been doing often.
Perhaps because of her sense of responsibility as the team leader, Claire had recently been reading a large number of tactical books and documents related to spirits, which she had borrowed from the library, until the dead of the night.
"Don't push yourself too hard. We won't know the battle system until an oracle of the Elemental Lords is issued."
"Yes, I know. Still, it's necessary to prepare countermeasures in advance. Those who participate in the Blade Dance are the most elite elementalists representing each country― It won't be so easy that you can win without countermeasures. Besides, that the strongest blade dancer is also taking part in this tournament after all."
"...Yeah, you're right."
Kamito nodded with a bitter face.
The strongest blade dancer ― Ren Ashbell.
The winner at the Blade Dance three years ago.
(...Not me, but another Ren Ashbell.)
Who exactly was she? And what was her goal...?
He had to figure that out.
Kamito tightly clenched his left hand, which was covered in a leather glove.
Regardless of what her objectives might be, there was no doubt that the transformed Restia was acting together with her.
"And you, are you done with packing already?"
Holding on to the nape of Scarlet, who was struggling and mewing―
This time it was Claire who asked.
In contrast with Claire's traveling bag, which was filled up till the point where it was about to burst, Kamito's bag was small.
"Yeah, I don't have much stuff to carry after all."
Kamito, who had been wandering aimlessly until just two months ago, carried with him almost no personal belongings.
A few daggers used for throwing and, it wasn't baggage but― he had the elemental waffe, the sword Terminus Est, in the sword-belt on his hips. Est was offended by what happened this morning and went to sleep in her sword form. ...It was unlikely she would wake up anytime soon.
But then again, if one was to offend a high-ranking spirit of Est's level, normally one had to be ready for the kind of damage like a town being destroyed.
"......"
For those two, it seemed that they still needed more time to pack.
(...Well, they are girls of noble status after all.)
They probably needed various things that a guy like Kamito would have no idea about.
Claire had been randomly stuffing in a bunch of canned peaches for a while, but that made him feel a little uneasy.
"Hm?"
Suddenly, Kamito cast his eyes down the floor, where stuff was strewn all over the place.
There were some books that looked like novels mixed among tactical books and documents related to spirits.
Having too much time to spare, Kamito casually picked up one of them.
'The wandering prince and the imprisoned princess'― A romance novel aimed at teens, with many illustrations in it.
(Seriously, it's surprising that Claire likes this kind of stuff.)
When he tried skimming lightly through its first part out of curiosity―
"Wha-?!"
Kamito's face turned red in a flash.
The contents of the book were about a beautiful princess who got abducted by a cruel prince and had all sorts of things done to her that could hardly be expressed in words―It was that kind of hardcore stuff.
"Y-You... H-Have you been reading this kind of stuff?!"
"Eh?"
Claire turned around.
And then, when she recognized what Kamito was holding in his hands,
"Fuaaaa, g-g-g-give it back! What the hell are you reading without permission?!"
Thump. Thud.
She hit him with the peach cans in her hands.
"Whoa... Are you planning to kill me?!"
"It's your punishment for peeping into a m-maiden's secret! You deserve to die ten thousand times!"
"Then don't leave your maiden's secret on the floor."
"S-Shut up~! Idiot! Pervert!"
Bursting into tears, Claire hit him repeatedly and violently.
...At this rate, he might lose his life before participating in the Blade Dance.
"Hey, you are being annoying."
"B-But Kamito―"
Taking the chance when Claire turned towards Fianna―
Kamito opened a page of the book and showed it in front of Claire.
It was a page containing an illustration in which the princess, the heroine of the story, was being tied up with a rope and getting whipped.
"...?!"
"Isn't Claire more of a pervert?"
"...Eh?"
Claire's shoulders turned stiff with a start.
"A noble young lady reading such a vulgar book, don't you feel any shame?"
"W-Well, um..."
The high-class young lady blushed and mumbled in hesitation.
Upon seeing Claire in such a state―
Kamito got a feeling of wanting to play around with her a little.
(...Well, there I go wanting to tease her again.)
It was probably because her act of blushing in embarrassment looked strangely cute.
Moving his face close to Claire's ear, he whispered softly.
"I wonder how everyone will think if they learn that the young lady, whose test results are also top-class, enjoys reading this kind of obscene books."
"Fuaa, wh-wh-wh-what are you saying?!"
"Could it be that you want to get things like stuff in this book done to you?"
"Th-That's not true! How could I want to be tied up like this?!"
"You know, this page has a fold on it."
"...~Fuaaan!"
A tiny cloud of steam erupting from her head, Claire crawled into her bed.
"...Seriously, she's the same green young lady as ever."
Having escaped from his life crisis, Kamito took a sigh of relief, and―
This time he turned towards Fianna.
"Is your preparation going well?"
"...Hmm, it seems that my ritual equipment is going to be bulky no matter what."
Said Fianna while stuffing a large round mirror and a candlestick into her bag.
Fianna Ray Ordesia.
She was the second princess of the Ordesia Empire, and also the princess maiden ranked second at the Divine Ritual School, a training institution for Queens who served the Five Great Elemental Lords.
A genuine princess, who was once even chosen as a candidate for the Queen of the Elemental Lord of Flame.
However, she was by no means haughty, and was very easy to talk to.
Strictly speaking though, she was at a social status where Kamito and the like were not even allowed to look at her face.
"If you don't mind, I'll lend you a hand. Can I pack the stuff around here however I want?"
"Yes, that will be of help."
Kamito sat down on the bed, where stuff was all over the place, and started stuffing a bag with all kinds of equipment that appeared to be used in rituals.
Rosaries, royal goblets, folding fans, whips, candles, and even things that looked like beast ears and tails―
(Are these things really equipment for rituals?)
Such a question suddenly flitted through his mind, however--
(Well, I'm also just a beginner when it comes to princess maidens' rituals after all.)
―That was when his hand, which reached out casually, grabbed something.
A smooth and nice touch of cloth.
(...What's this?)
Knitting his eyebrows, he tried holding it up before his eyes, and then―
"...?!"
Kamito turned stiff in that posture.
It was a glossy black piece of cloth.
A thin lace embroidery with a rose pattern on it.
The material was probably silk. There were thin strings attached at both ends of the cloth piece.
"Err..."
Cold sweat gradually emerged on Kamito's forehead.
A high class-looking black pair of underwear.
On top of that―
(Wh-Why is there a hole here?!)
It wasn't torn off. For some reason, there was an unnatural cut at the center.
(This seems to have no meaning as underwear―)
"Ka-Kamito-kun?!"
"Ah―"
Suddenly, his eyes met Fianna's, who raised her face at him.
Kamito was still unfolding the black pair of underwear in front of him.
"......"
"......"
"Um..."
Fianna's face turned bright red―
"D-Do you... hate a princess who would wear this kind of shameful underwear?"
She asked him with upturned eyes.
"N-No, I mean, my bad...!"
With his heart pounding, Kamito hurriedly put the underwear back inside the bag.
"Wh-Why do you have such underwear?"
"I went and bought it on an impulse... b-but it is indeed embarrassing."
She muttered with her face still bright red.
...It seemed that she really was embarrassed.
This princess always said shocking things and teased Kamito, but she was actually a green girl, just like Claire.
"...I wonder... if that was a little too daring."
"Y-You're right. A little... yeah."
Ahem, or so Kamito coughed.
What blew away that awkward atmosphere for them was a voice which could be heard coming from outside the room.
"Geez, you're still preparing, Claire Rouge?"
A somewhat high-pitched and elegant voice.
The one who appeared in front of the room was―
Claire's rival and classmate in her Raven classroom.
It was Rinslet Laurenfrost, the demon ice elementalist.
She had dazzlingly beautiful platinum blonde hair. Her emerald green eyes were topped by lovely eyebrows.
At a glance, she appeared to be a proud highborn lady, but Kamito knew that she was a very kind and caring girl.
"Milady, I'm sleepy~"
"Geez, Carol is always such a sleepyhead."
The one being dragged by her was Carol the maid.
"Milady, you know that unlike you, my blood pressure is low... Hwa."
Apparently she had been woken up by Rinslet this morning.
...She was the same useless maid as ever.
"Rinslet, what is that thing?"
Claire, having finally revived, asked thus.
Rinslet was carrying a largish wooden box in her hands.
"Hmph, it's a tea set of highest grade. A lady of the Laurenfrost family must stay elegant at all times."
Rinslet proudly combed her platinum blonde hair upward.
"You know what, we aren't going out to play."
Claire shrugged her shoulders in amazement.
And then, this time they could hear Ellis' voice coming from outside the window.
"What are you lot doing?! It's already one hour until the gathering time, you know!"
"You're just too early!"
Claire turned at the overly serious knight captain and yelled.
(...Unifying this team seems to be quite a long-term difficult task.)
Kamito shrugged his shoulders with a sense of irony while putting the baggage in order.
One hour later.
Members of Team Scarlet gathered in front of the stone circle, which was their rally point.
It was a Gate to Astral Zero located within the premises of Areishia Spirit Academy.
This historic ruin itself was something that had been in existence long before the academy was built, but it was by no means part of the Empire's technology. The status quo was that the technology which preserved the Gates which opened to this world, had been lost completely, excluding such ruins, which remained at various places around the continent.
From now on, representative fighters would be moving to Astral Zero and then boarding a ship prepared by the Divine Ritual School, which administered the Blade Dance.
In front of the Gate, the other two teams that had been selected from the academy had also gathered already.
Team Wyvern, ranked first, was a team composed of only upperclassmen.
They gave each member of Team Scarlet a sharp glance, and then suddenly looked away. They had no intention of getting along―that was probably what they were declaring. Their reaction was natural. After all, although both teams were selected from the same academy, they would become each other's rival when the Blade Dance actually began.
(Besides―)
With that in mind, Kamito looked at Claire with a side glance.
There was another reason for the glance of the upperclassmen being prickly.
The younger sister of Calamity Queen, who had brought about the unprecedented disaster to the empire four years ago.
There were still many students in the academy with unpleasant thoughts about her existence.
Claire did not seem to particularly care about that, but she was probably suffering in her heart.
"Mu, you guys again―"[2]
Thus a blonde girl holding a wooden staff started talking to Kamito.
"'Sup, savage girl. It's been a while."
"Muu, I'm not a savage girl!"
The lovely petite girl puffed out her cheeks in anger.
This person was a member of the third ranked Team Cernunnos, whom they had fought against before.
She was from the Druid clan, who grew up in the Spirit Forest and used a powerful beast swarm spirit.
As an opponent whom they may fight in the future, she was quite a strong rival.
"I will be sure to crush the likes of you guys underfoot with my beast swarm spirit!"
The druid girl held up her wooden staff as she snickered.
And then, heading over there―
"Hmph, so you three teams have finally gathered?"
The teacher Freya Grandol, the manager of the Gate, came walking briskly.
As she cast a glance up at the clock tower of the academy,
"I'm going to transport all of you to Astral Zero after ten minutes. Now finish saying goodbye to your friends in the meantime."
Saying thus, she started drawing a magical formation inside the stone circle.
Claire, Rinslet, and Fianna restlessly looked away from each other.
"Th-There's no need to say goodbye or anything."
"Th-That's right. We're just leaving the academy for a mere few days after all."
"Y-Yes, that sounds exaggerating."
The three of them simultaneously nodded to one another.
(Come to think of it, all of them had no friends.)
...This group of young ladies sure had it tough.
(Well, I'm also in no place to say that about people, though―)
Meanwhile, Ellis was surrounded and overwhelmed by a crowd of junior knights.
Her reddish brown eyes were imposing. Her blue ponytail was swaying in the gentle breeze.
Apparently, Ellis would be going to the Blade Dance wearing her knight armor as well.
That was probably her expression of determination of being a representative of the academy and also the Sylphid Knights at the same time.
"Captain, please fight for us as well!"
"We're rooting for you!"
"Yeah, I will definitely claim victory!"
Ellis nodded at the words of Rakka and Reishia, her two former teammates.
They had entrusted Ellis with their dream for the Blade Dance championship.
And then, one more person―
Kamito knew that there was a girl who had entrusted her with a dream.
Kamito whispered to Ellis, who had returned after saying goodbye to her juniors.
"Ellis, that ribbon looks good on you."
"Y-You think so...?"
Ellis blushed and fidgeted with her fingers.
Binding her ponytail was a white ribbon.
It was something which Ellis' elder foster-sister entrusted to her before leaving the academy.
"Now that I'm wearing this, I feel like Aneue is watching over me."
Ellis suddenly smiled.
Seeing her defenseless face from the side, Kamito spontaneously felt his heart pound again.
"The time has come. Everyone, get inside the stone circle."
Freya traced a stone pillar with her fingertips, and blue rays of light gushed forth from the earth's surface.
A Gate connecting this world and Astral Zero emerged.
Kamito and his group nodded to each other and stepped inside the shining stone circle.
A dazzling flash of light. And then a fleeting intoxicating sensation as though heaven and earth were turned upside-down.
"H-m..."
Opening their eyes, what first sprang into their field of vision was―
All kinds of trees in a dense forest, and a grand lake occupying a large area within it.
A lake that looked like the polished surface of a mirror, which existed only in Astral Zero. At the lake shore where water plants grew thickly, countless faint, flickering light orbs were floating and creating a wondrous scene.
"I have come to this lake before, during the academy's training camp."
Claire firmly descended on the muddy ground.
Members of other teams were also sent to the site one after another.
"By the way, where's the ship?"
Kamito looked around the surface of the lake.
A ship-like object was nowhere to be found.
"Where are you looking? Look, over there―"
Claire shrugged her shoulders and pointed at the sky peeking through the gaps of trees.
"Hm?"
When he raised his head―
An outline of a ship was floating in the sky casting its huge shadow on the lake.
"That's... the Belphal-class flying ship of the Divine Ritual School..."
Kamito opened his eyes and groaned.
A state-of-the-art flying ship named after the Elemental Lord of Wind.
He had heard about it in the rumors, but this was his first time seeing the real thing.
It had a form like that of a streamlined whale. Apparently its power source was a spirit engine made in the Kingdom of Balstan, and they used an over 6000 year old sacred tree as material for the exterior.
It was the ship which would lead elementalists, who would dedicate their blade dances to the Elemental Lords, to the stage of the Blade Dance.
"Kamito, we are definitely going to win the grand prize."
"Yeah."
Kamito nodded, and tightly clenched his left hand.
(...We have crawled all the way up for the sake of gaining the qualification to board that ship.)
Claire, for the sake of learning the truth related to the incident that her elder sister caused.
Kamito, for the sake of regaining the contracted spirit that he had lost.
Then Ellis, Fianna, and Rinslet―
Everyone there was joining in the Blade Dance with their respective wish harbored in mind.
The flying ship caused flashy splashes as it landed on the lake.
"―Looks like the boy has already headed over there."
Areishia Spirit Academy, office room.
Greyworth Ciel Mais faced the wall of the room and spoke.
There was no response―However, immediately from inside the wall, a person's shadow emerged as if it was seeping out.
"Yes ma'am. Just a while ago."
It was the teacher Freya Grandol, the shadow elementalist.
She approached Greyworth's office desk, and then spoke without hesitation.
"Still, Headmistress, I cannot understand why you would go that far to support that boy."
"What do you mean?"
"His fighting skills are certainly overwhelming, but the Blade Dance isn't something as lenient as to allow someone to win with just that. You should be the one who knows that best."
"Yeah, it's just as you said. The boy still can't win against the strongest blade dancer as he is now. At the very least, I would like to have him awaken before the real war starts, but―"
"What do you mean?"
"Nah, just random silly talk."
Greyworth shook her head as if to evade the question.
"More importantly, has the investigation on that matter been completed?"
"Yes. I would like you to be moderate and stop using me to spy on the army, though."
"I've been feeling sorry about that, you know."
Greyworth shrugged her shoulders, and then Freya rudely threw down the report.
"That's the data about the incident four years ago. After the collapse of the institution in question― the Instructional School, there were 14 orphans taken into protection by the order of imperial knights. Rumors say that five of them have been admitted into the special forces of the knight order. The remaining nine died several years later under the effect of the Cursed Armament Seals given to them by the institution, or so they say."
"Still, that means the number doesn't match. It conflicts with the data found at the institution."
"Apparently it was not the case that all orphans were taken into protection by the knight order. Jio Inzagi, who broke into our academy the other day, was also one of the institution's orphans whom the knight order has little information about. It probably wouldn't be strange for there to be other unconfirmed orphans besides him out there."
"I see..."
What came to Greyworth's mind was the eyes of the boy whom she met four years ago.
In the eyes of that boy, who declared indifferently on that day―that he had come to kill the Dusk Witch, there was no hatred, nor was there anger, only an unfathomable nothingness.
(The same kid as the boy back then, huh...)
Young children who got their heart plundered and were raised as battle weapons.
Though they were also elementalists, they were basically different from noble girls who grew up at the academy.
"Headmistress?"
"It's nothing. You did a good job. Please continue your investigation as is."
"Seriously, my main job isn't a spy but a teacher, you know."
Freya once again disappeared into the wall while complaining.
Greyworth gazed outside the window, and then suddenly took a heavy breath.
"A militarized spirit and an orphan from Instructional School ― Is she actually planning to incite war or something?"
The Dusk Witch was succumbing to impatience.
The strongest blade dancer had yet to awaken.
He was certainly strong.
Even in an academy where first-rate elementalists gather, his power was overwhelming.
However, that was, at its best, just a story in the miniature garden called academy.
As he was now, he absolutely could not win against her.
Neither could Ren Ashbell of three years ago do that―
"Please, successor of the Demon King― Because even I don't have much time left now."
Greyworth suppressed her pounding heart as she curled her lips ironically.
Hovering over the ether-filled clouds, the flying ship advanced as though it were gliding.
The destination was one of the sanctuaries located in Astral Zero--the floating island of Ragna Ys.
It was the venue to be used for the current Blade Dance festival.
Normally, it was a sanctuary that only permitted the coming and going of the Divine Ritual Institute's princess maidens who served the Elemental Lords. But during the Blade Dance, it was specially opened to ordinary people.
"I can't help but say this. This flying ship is too awesome, right?"
Looking out the window, Kamito gazed down at the vast sea of clouds and felt a little dizzy.
This was hardly surprising, seeing as it was his first time riding a flying ship.
The young ladies of noble birth seemed to be used to it already. After putting down their luggage, the team went to their assigned lounge and took a break on the sofa.
The walls were made of polished marble tiles while the floor was even covered by a beautifully embroidered red carpet.
The cabin was furnished with abundant supplies of everyday necessities, all of them top class in quality.
"By the way, it doesn't shake at all?"
"This is the latest model of flying ship, you know? If the journey goes smoothly, we'll probably arrive around noon or so."
The one answering was Claire, lying on the sofa... It was no big deal, but her current posture was hiking up her skirt and on the verge of exposing her panties. Hence, Kamito frantically shifted his gaze away.
"Oh right, the competition's opening ceremony will be held tonight at the castle hotel. Did you bring formal clothes for a ball?"
"No I didn't. I'd rather be excused from balls."
Recalling the Blade Dance three years earlier, Kamito whispered with an embarrassed look.
To be honest, the ballroom scene had left him with traumatic memories.
"I see..."
For some reason, Claire's murmurs sounded a bit disappointed.
"...? Will I cause trouble for you by not bringing formal clothes?"
"O-Of course not!"
Blushing red, Claire turned her head away and ignored Kamito.
"What are you getting mad about..."
"I-I'm not mad, okay... Idiot."
"Please, the two of you. Must you quarrel even on the ship?"
Rinslet shrugged in exasperation.
"Rinslet, what are you doing?"
On the table, Rinslet was arranging the tea set she had brought.
"I'm going to make tea now. Would everyone like to enjoy some afternoon tea together?"
"Great idea, I've heard long ago that the tea leaves produced in the Laurenfrost region are especially sweet and soothing."
"Indeed, although it is currently the eve before the Blade Dance, a suitable level of relaxation is still required."
Originally outside, enjoying the scenery, Fianna and Ellis gathered back around the table.
Apparently, no matter what time or place, gracefully enjoying afternoon tea was customary for these high-class young ladies.
Rinslet elegantly poured tea into the dainty teacups. A citrous fragrance spread through the entire room along with the steam.
"Thanks. Wow... So fragrant."
Claire offered honest praise.
"This is orange tea special to the Laurenfrost region."
"Fufu, the tea brewed by milady is really delicious."
Carol the maid giggled and smiled.
"Isn't brewing tea normally part of the maid's job?"
No sooner had Kamito remarked...
"What are you talking about!? If my cute little Carol were to be scalded by accident, would you be able to compensate?"
"Uh, sorry..."
For some reason, Kamito was scolded soundly by Rinslet.
As a side note, only invited humans were allowed to enter the sanctuary, but because Carol belonged to the Laurenfrost family—in other words, she was Rinslet's personal possession—she was given special permission to accompany Rinslet.
But in actual fact, Rinslet was apparently quite displeased about Carol being treated as an object.
"Kamito-san, how many spoonfuls of sugar would you like?"
"Oh, just one please."
"Claire, two spoonfuls for you, is that right?"
"Hey, why did you memorize my preference?"
"I-I didn't memorize it, okay! I simply recalled by chance!"
Rinslet yelled angrily with her face all red.
"Milady and Claire-sama used to play together often in the past."
"Eh... Really?"
Kamito asked the smiling Carol.
"Yes, Claire-sama used to be very very attached to milady—"
"Hold it right there. W-What nonsense are you talking about!?"
"T-That's right, Claire and I are rivals!"
Rinslet angrily turned her face away.
"No sugar in mine, please."
"As expected of a princess, knowing the best drinking method for appreciating tea."
Rinslet nodded happily to concur.
At this moment, Ellis sudden coughed dryly once...
"I-I would like milk tea with a generous serving of sugar, please."
Her voice sounded a bit shy.
"Yeah yeah, milk tea, isn't that right?"
"I-In addition..."
"Hmm?"
"If possible, please add fresh cream and honey with floating marshmallows on top..."
"W-What is with your demands!?"
Rinslet's face twitched slightly after hearing Ellis.
"Your method of drinking tea is sacrilege to tea itself!"
"I-I have always drank tea this way! In order to survive the harsh sword training, intaking ample sugar is necessary."
"Good grief, the Fahrengart family with its military tradition is truly..."
"The Sylphid Knights' captain turns out to be unexpectedly childish. To think you'd be ignorant of how to appreciate the delicate flavor of tea."
"S-Shut up! Sweet things are tastier to begin with!"
Seeing Claire cast a pitying gaze towards her, Ellis tearfully retorted.
Watching this back and forth exchange between them...
(These two girls seem to have let go of their former grudges too...)
Kamito smiled wryly in his heart.
For quite a long while, due to being in opposition to the Sylphid Knights, Claire had always been on poor terms with Ellis who stood as the captain of the aforementioned Knights. Ellis had only joined Team Scarlet two weeks earlier. Back when they first started group training, the two girls often had arguments.
These arguments were sparked by all sorts of strange reasons, but in the vast majority of cases, it was due to Claire inexplicably objecting whenever Ellis suggested partnering with Kamito since they were both close range combatants...
This was hardly surprising. The two girls had completely different personalities.
Although they were both excellent students, Ellis was the very rigid, hardworking type while Claire was the genius type who did as she pleased. The only thing they had in common was their competitiveness.
Precisely because of that, the atmosphere was very tense between them during the first week. However...
"I can't believe this, you actually put honey into the tea..."
"T-That is the way I like it! If you have so many objections, why not have a taste for yourself first!?"
"Hmph, how could something so sickeningly sweet possibly be good... Eh?"
Claire took a small sip from Ellis' teacup and widened her eyes slightly.
"What is the matter?"
"...It's not bad, there seems to be a kind of gentle taste."
"I know, right?"
"But this does ruin the flavor of high-quality black tea. At most, it's just a bad kid's drink."
"Y-You might have a point..."
By now, the two girls' relationship had grown to the point that they were able to argue casually like this.
"...By the way, your hell cat spirit is so cute."
While saying that, Ellis reached out to stroke Scarlet who was curled up in a ball on the sofa.
Using her fingertips to play with Scarlet's soft and fuzzy tail, she also pressed on the pads on the cat's paws.
"Hey hey hey, Scarlet is my contracted spirit. Don't touch Scarlet so carelessly."
"J-Just a little should be fine..."
Ellis tightly hugged Scarlet affectionately while pouting.
It turned out that the rigid Captain of the Knights had an unexpectedly soft spot for cute things.
(...Come to think of it, she also kept things like stuffed dolls in her room.)
"Meow meoow!"
Scarlet cried out uneasily and sought Claire for help.
"I already told you to let Scarlet go. Don't you have your own contracted spirit!?"
"But Simorgh's appearance is too uncute..."
Ellis murmured in a sulking manner.
...If Ellis' contracted spirit were to overhear this, it would surely run away from home in exasperation.
"Ellis!"
"Just a little while longer, please let me play more with Scarlet."
Ellis continued to hug Scarlet stubbornly. At this moment...
"Meow meow! Meoooww!"
"Ah!"
Fast as an arrow, Scarlet escaped from Ellis' arms and bolted from the room.
Claire sighed in exasperation.
"Didn't I say already? Apart from me, Scarlet won't let other humans get intimate with her."
"How can you say that with a straight face? Could you stop using my Fenrir as your pillow?"
Rinslet glared and threw a sideways glance at Claire.
"...B-But Fenrir feels so nice and cool."
On the sofa, Claire was resting her head against the back of a white wolf with long fur.
The high-level demon ice spirit Fenrir was whimpering softly, looking rather troubled.
(...I know how you feel.)
Treated as a slave spirit by Claire, Kamito could not help but sympathize with Fenrir.
"Fufu, Kamito-kun, you may use my bosom as a pillow any time you want. I don't mind at all."
"...Please don't joke around with me, Your Highness the Princess."
Kamito poked Fianna lightly in the forehead.
"...Jeez, I'm not joking at all."
Fianna bit her index finger gently and pouted unhappily.
"Sigh, I'll need to go look for Scarlet later. With a ship this big, it'll be a tiring search."
Saying that, Claire sighed deliberately in an exaggerated manner. Seeing that, Ellis turned to stare into the distance.
"Speaking of which, the other countries' representatives are also on this flying ship, right?"
"Yeah, apart from us, a number of teams should have already boarded the ship along the way."
Claire nodded to answer Kamito's question.
Kamito placed his cup of tea onto the table...
"What about Ren Ashbell, the Strongest Blade Dancer?"
"...!?"
As soon Kamito spoke, the room was filled with a tense atmosphere.
Because his words carried an indescribable sense of pressure.
"No, she's not on this ship."
Claire shook her head calmly and said:
"Because for this Blade Dance, she is participating as a representative for the Alphas Theocracy. So even if she's traveling by ship, it'll be a different one."
"I see."
"But this is still so hard to accept."
"I know. It's hard to believe that an elementalist of her strength would run over to represent a country like the Alphas Theocracy."
Rinslet spoke with puzzlement and Claire concurred.
The Alphas Theocracy was a small country sandwiched between two great nations: the Ordesia Empire and the Dragon Empire of Dracunia on the east and west respectively. Although its main exports were spirit crystals excavated from mines, the Theocracy actually made its massive fortune through the excavation and trade of artifacts from ancient ruins.
Among the ancient artifacts unearthed by the Alphas Theocracy, there were many that held extremely powerful sealed spirits inside them. It was said that during the past Ranbal War, the Theocracy made astronomical profits as the only neutral nation by supplying various countries with militarized spirits.
Furthermore, although it was impossible to substantiate, it was rumored that the black market organization Murders was also headquartered in the Theocracy, hence garnering eyes of suspicion from the other countries.
For a country like that to have survived all this time without being invaded by its large neighbors, apart from the Hierarch's shrewd diplomatic clout, its strategic location between two opposing superpowers also played a major role.
"Besides, it's already been fifty years since the last time the Theocracy sent representatives to take part in the Blade Dance. And they've never won. Why would they suddenly..."
Ren Ashbell was already the idol for all girls aspiring to be elementalists.
Why was everyone's idol representing a small country that only had negative publicity? Claire and the others could not understand at all.
"Speaking of the Alphas Theocracy, there are rumors of them buying militarized spirits on a large scale."
Ellis crossed her arms before her chest while speaking quietly.
"Why would they need to gather militarized spirits at this time...?"
Also, things were not that simple.
There were other reasons why the Alphas Theocracy was regarded as a dangerous element.
(I think I recall that it's also where Demon King worship originated?)
Demon King worshiping was secretly taking root in various places over the continent.
Allegedly, the Alphas Theocracy was the headquarters.
After all, that country's capital was where Demon King Solomon was born.
The Demon King's worshipers believed firmly that the Demon King would descend upon the Alphas Theocracy again.
Demon King... This word caused an inexplicable beating in Kamito's heart.
(Those people who raised me were also a branch of the Demon King worshipers...)
The Instructional School had tried to create their own Demon King through human methods.
Hence, they offered their blessing to Kamito, the male elementalist, and bestowed upon him the highest ranked darkness spirit who had been commanded by the former Demon King in the past.
"By the way, there's really so little information about Ren Ashbell."
Claire shrugged and said:
"All that's known is she suddenly appeared three years ago, an elementalist without any background. She is sixteen years old like us and contracted to a darkness spirit. That's all we know about her at the moment."
In order to win the Blade Dance, apart from prowess in using spirits, collecting information about opponents was an important part.
The Academy had provided information on some of the other teams, such as the attributes of contracted spirits, the form of elemental waffen, but there was almost nothing regarding the all-important Ren Ashbell.
Nothing was confirmed, not only for Ren Ashbell herself but also the entire team.
(An elementalist whose true identity and goal are both unknown huh...)
It would be fine if she was just an imposter using the legendary elementalist's name and title as a ruse.
But things could not possibly be that simple.
(Greyworth said, as long as I defeat her...)
The reason why she recruited Kamito to the Academy was for defeating her in the Blade Dance.
(Also...)
Kamito looked at his leather gloved left hand.
(No mistake about it. Restia is currently working together with that imposter.)
Several weeks earlier, a battle had taken place at an abandoned mine between Kamito and friends against one of the Instructional School's orphans: Jio Inzagi.
...Because this is her wish.
Back then, that was what Restia had said.
Furthermore, she also said: "One day, you will surely encounter each other."
The darkness spirit girl's transfiguration.
If her transfiguration was related to the other Ren Ashbell...
(I will absolutely not forgive that girl.)
Kamito's clenched fist was silently shaking under the table.
"But I never thought I would be standing on the same stage as her, in just a few hours' time."
Ellis suddenly murmured with heartfelt emotion.
"Three years ago, I was still in the audience, watching her first battle."
"I also saw her match against Velsaria. She really was so pretty."
"Ren Ashbell's blade dancing is superb, right?"
Ellis' cheeks were blushing slightly while Claire and Rinslet were nodding and concurring.
Kamito turned his face away with an embarrassed look.
"Oh dear, there's no need to make such a big fuss, okay? Even if she's known as the Strongest Blade Dancer, that was three years ago already. Her power is probably getting more and more exaggerated by rumors. That girl actually isn't that amazing, right?"
Just as he shrugged and finished...
"W-What nonsense are you babbling!?"
"Are you a fool?"
"Oh please, there should be limits to ignorance."
"Uh, no, I'm sorry..."
Facing angry glares from the three high-class ladies, Kamito had no choice but to apologize frantically.
(...It's not like I can tell them that the real one is standing right here before their eyes.)
Fearing that he would collapse from the girls ganging up on him, Kamito suddenly rose up and left his place at the table.
"Where are you going?"
"Nowhere in particular. Just gonna look for Scarlet a bit."
Kamito made an excuse and made his way towards the exit.
"Hmph, he fled..."
"Fufu, Kamito-kun is such a poor dear."
As the only one privy to Kamito's true identity here, Fianna giggled secretly to herself.
Four thousand meters up in the air...
A small combat vessel had appeared directly underneath the flying ship that the Blade Dance participants were traveling on.
It had been lurking in a forest, waiting for its prey to arrive.
The metal cabin door opened and out walked a young-looking girl.
Her ash-gray hair, tied up on the opposite sides of her, was swaying in the strong wind blowing head on.
"...Gotcha, Onii-sama."
The girl smiled and began to chant the incantation for a spirit's release.
Instantly, the ring on her middle finger gave off red light.
Next...
"Okay, let's rampage! Annihilation spirit Death Gaze!"
As the air cracked open, out emerged a giant black monster.

On ascending to the ship's deck they could see clouds drifting by at terrifying speeds.
Actually, the ship was at a speed whereby a person's body would be blown away in a flash by the blowing winds, but not even the sound of the wind could be heard thanks to a spirit magic barrier enclosing the ship.
Looking down from the side of the airship, an eerie forest stretched out into the distance.
Kamito was looking down at the forest and—
"Areishia Spirit Academy representative, Kazehaya Kamito, I presume?"
A voice came from behind him.
"......?"
Turning around, a beautiful elite-looking girl with shoulder-length hair was there.
A beret adorned her head. A black surcoat with not a single wrinkle.
She was probably about the same age as Kamito, and she was glaring at Kamito with strong-willed-looking pupils.
"Who are you? Why do you know my name?"
"You're famous. The only male elementalist on the continent."
She told him while maintaining a rigid expression.
Contrary to her magnificent appearance, her aura was thorny.
"Also, someone who plays around with women and then throws them away."
"Wait, what am I famous for!?"
Kamito yelled that out immediately.
"It's useless to attempt to deceive me. Dracunia's prized intelligence gathering agency is the finest in the continent, after all."
"Yeah, your prized espionage agents are definitely incompetent—wait, Dracunia?"
Kamito asked with knitted brows.
The Dracunia Dragon Duchy.
Located to the west of the Empire, it was a country that employed the strongest magic beasts, the dragons, in their military.
"Dracunia's representative, huh?"
"Yes, Leader of the Knights of the Dragon Emperor — Leonora Lancaster."
The beautiful girl in military uniform kept her eyes on him as she named herself.
"......Leonora."
Kamito said with a sigh.
He had heard that name from Claire.
(If I remember, "Dragon Princess" was the title given to Dracunia's representing ace......)
By popular opinion, she was the one known as an equal to Velsaria.
"What business does the ace of Dracunia have with me?"
Kamito put up his guard and readied himself.
The Blade Dance was not just a festival.
The Divine Ritual Institute would never admit it, but it was also a representative war of knights between nations.
The country whose elementalist or elementalist team won would be granted the Elemental Lord's protection for several years and this blessing would lead to the nation prospering.
The reason many countries trained elementalists was for this reason.
And there were also many countries that had no choice but to use certain methods to grasp victory as a consequence.
"Trying to kill me off before the Blade Dance begins?"
"What a stupid idea."
But Leonora gently shook her head.
"Failing to send the Silent Fortress to compete, the Ordesia Empire will be no match for us, the Knights of the Dragon Emperor. We will demolish you soundly on the Blade Dance stage, fair and square."
"Then, why?"
In front of the suspicious Kamito, she squirmed lightly with a red face.
"I, well, I, um, that is, your......I came to cut off that."
While averting her eyes from Kamito, she smoothly drew out a large sword.
"Wh-why are you taking out your sword!?"
Kamito backed away.
If her words were true, she hadn't come to assassinate him.
Then, why exactly—
"Or rather, cut what from me?"
"That's, y-your......kuu, you mean to make me say it!"
"Hah?"
"Thi-This pervert!"
Large tears formed from Leonora's eyes—
The large sword carved into the ship deck with a loud sound.
Just then, the ship's floor exploded into shards.
"......Wha!?"
Kamito had dodged by a paper-thin margin.
"Aren't you full of the intent to kill me!"
"I won't kill you if you don't resist. Please hold still."
"I'm asking you what you mean—"
And then Kamito realized.
Leonora's gaze was fixed firmly upon Kamito's lower body.
As he noticed her cheeks colored red, she averted her eyes.
"Wait, don't tell me......"
Kamito broke out into a cold sweat.
"Yes, I will have you let me cut off your that, Kazehaya Kamito."
Leonora drew the sword back out from the smashed floor and took a stance.
"It would trouble me greatly if you were to use the commotion of the Blade Dance to lay a hand on my subordinates after all."
"Like I would!"
"You can't lie to me, you perverted brute of a demon king!"
She glared at him with cold eyes.
"Perverted brute of a demon king, you say......"
......It was too horrible.
He didn't think such shameful rumors would reach even outside of the country.
"W-With that devilish power and sweet words, you trick innocent maidens and do this kind of thing and that kind of thing to them, right!"
"What are this kind of thing and that kind of thing......"
"Th-That is......!"
At Kamito's question, her face burned red.
It seemed that the Dragon Princess was just as pure as the highborn ladies from the academy.
"You know, it's the opposite. You have a huge misunderstanding."
Kamito said this with a sigh.
"......The opposite?"
"Yeah, because I'm always being treated as a slave spirit by Claire."
"Wha? To make a teammate into a toy slave spirit!"
"Listen to what other people are saying for a bit!"
......Or rather, how come this young lady was using such terminology!?
"Do-Don't come any closer, you pervert!"
"Uoo!"
Leonora's blade sliced the air as she swung down.
Kamito drew Terminus Est and stopped that blow.
The high-pitched wail of metal colliding rang out across the deck.
(......This is just like a repetition of my first meeting with Ellis!)
While stopping the large blade, Kamito groaned internally.
"I see, you are truly strong......"
Leonora let out a voice of admiration.
"So this is the Demon Slayer that defeated a giant militarized spirit."
"It seems that your information is correct."
"It makes me want to test which is stronger, that or my Dragon Slayer!"
"......!?"
Leonora's sword gave off intense light with her words.
(This is......!)
It wasn't a regular elemental waffe. It gave off an impression equal to that of Velsaria's Dreadnought.
(—This person's insanely strong!)
As expected, the title of Dracunia's ace wasn't just for show.
"N-Now, please calmly remove your pants, i-it won't hurt a bit."
"Who's gonna do that! Of course it's gonna hurt!"
Kamito pushed back against the large sword.
Such power was being used against him that he couldn't believe it was coming from that girl's frail-looking delicate arms.
It was most likely a spirit magic for strengthening the body's traits. In a straight power competition, Kamito was at a disadvantage.
"Kamito!"
The sound of the air being cut.
Leonora's sword was gripped by the thing that had drawn a bright crimson arc in the air.
"You, what are you doing to my slave spirit!"
It was Claire who ascended to the deck with whip in hand.
With one hand on her hip, she pointed towards Leonora.
"Claire, thanks for the help—"
In the opening Leonora left by diverting her attention, Kamito jumped away.
"You are—"
Leonora, having repelled the Flametounge, glared at Claire.
"Kazehaya Kamito's toy slave spirit."
"Wha!?"
Claire's face instantly reddened.
And with slow movements, she turned towards Kamito......
"Y-Y-You, don't tell me that's how you see me......!"
"Wait, you know that's wrong, right? I'm the slave spirit, right?"
......Wait, that's strange. It seems like she became even angrier.
The two ladies glaring at Kamito made him want to run away—
And at that moment.
Doooooooon!
With an ear-splitting noise, the ship rocked violently.
"Kyaaa!"
The floor tilted and Claire lost her balance, falling over.
"—What!?"
Kamito leaned off the side of the ship.
He looked into the flowing clouds below and—
"That is!?"
A giant shadow was present in the clouds.
Like splitting waves, it split the clouds to reveal a gigantic black monster!
"......!?"
Its total length was about 10 meters. Its appearance greatly resembled a stingray swimming in the ocean.
The difference with stingrays was that it had enormous red eyes on its head.
And that it was flying in the sky instead of the ocean.
"A magic beast!?"
"No, that is......don't tell me, it's from the second aerial unit, the annihilation spirit Death Gaze—"
Leonora Lancaster knit her brows and muttered that while looking with suspicion.
"What?"
"Dracunia's main militarized spirit. It should have been sealed with the end of the Ranbal War, so why is it here?"
"Militarized spirit......"
A spirit which was comparable to a cooperative force of several elementalists.
He didn't know why such a thing would attack the airship but—
The fact that the ship was currently under attack was undeniable.
The military annihilation spirit — Death Gaze roared as it glided.
Even if the ship had a wind barrier, it was not a combat vessel.
If it were to receive an attack from a giant like that, it would be helpless.
The ship's alarm rang out across the deck.
The ship made a quick turn and tried to avoid the spirit.
As expected of a cutting-edge technology ship, it had impressive mobility.
But it was useless in the face of the spirit.
"—It's coming, brace for impact!"
A loud noise.
A fearsome impact rocked the ship and Kamito's body lifted up.
The annihilation spirit had rammed into the side of the ship.
"Fuaa!" "Kyan!"
"You two, grab onto me!"
Kamito quickly covered the two girls that had fallen to the ground. His heart thumped at the softness of their bodies once, but now wasn't the time to think about that.
"Claire, are you okay?"
"Fuaaa, y-you, where are you touching!"
Claire's face was bright red.
"......? Where, you say?"
Kamito looked at the spot he had grabbed both of them.
His hands were caught on to both of their chests.
"......S-sorry!"
Kamito quickly withdrew his hand but,
"Th-th-th-this perverted slave spirit! Cinders, cinders!"
"Hey, stop, this isn't the time for—"
Hit, hit, hit, hit.
Claire hit Kamito with tears in her eyes.
On the other hand, Leonora—
"A-aa-a-a boy, touched my br-brbr-breasts......!"
Poof. Steam rose from her face and she fainted.
"......H-Hey!"
He shook the fallen girl but it didn't seem like she would wake up.
"It looks like she's in shock from you touching her breasts."
"I-It wasn't on purpose!"
"Hmmm, I wonder about that?"
She glared at Kamito like she was unsatisfied.
......In any case, he couldn't leave her here.
And just then. The ship rocked violently a second time.
The spirit that had rammed into the ship was also attacking with its tail.
"Kamito, the ship will sink at this rate."
"Yeah......"
At the serious face of Claire, Kamito nodded.
Chaos could be heard below the deck.
Even if they were trained elementalists, they were still regular girls. It was a natural result that a sudden attack would cause panic inside the ship.
The long-range attacker, Rinslet, would also have a hard time reaching the deck quickly in this chaos.
"Looks like we'll have to do this alone."
"Looks that way."
With the last attack, it seemed like the engine had stopped. The ship stalled like it had a nail jammed into it and began falling.
"We have about two or three minutes before we hit the ground......"
Until the staff got the back-up spirit engine working, they had to protect the defenseless ship.
Kamito stood up unsteadily and planted each foot on the gunwale of the deck.
"Est, lend me your power!"
He drew Terminus Est from his waist and poured in divine power.
Responding to Kamito's summons, the sword gave off light.
"Kamito, it's reckless to fight with a sword. I'll do it."
"No, I will. Flametounge won't work on it."
"That is?"
Claire chewed her lip. Claire's battle style of wearing down her opponent was not suited for short-term battles. She knew that best herself.
"But what do I do then. I can't use magic to fly like Ellis."
"As long as I cling to it and don't fall off, isn't that fine?"
"Hah?"
At Kamito's carefree words, Claire was stunned.
"A-Aren't you just stupid!"
"Either way, at this rate the ship will sink. It's worth trying."
"B-But......"
Claire held fast to Kamito's uniform's sleeve.
"What, are you worried about me?"
"Th-That's not it, I'm not worried......"
Claire averted her eyes.
Although arrogant most of the time, she was truly gentle underneath that.
"It's fine. I'll clean it up quickly."
Kamito gave a light knock to Claire's head and—
The flash of a silver white blade disappeared off the side of the ship.
"......Jeez, I don't care anymore, idiot!"
With the wind barrier damaged, the groaning sound of the wind could be heard.
On the back of the annihilation spirit whose head was lodged into the side of the ship—
"Ohhhhhhhhh!"
Kamito impaled it mercilessly.
Piercing through the outer shell, it dug into the underlying flesh.
The annihilation spirit gave off a fearsome cry and began to roll.
On the verge of slipping off, Kamito placed his foot on the outer shell and he gripped his sword with all his might.
In order to smack the bug on its back, the annihilation spirit folded its body and tried to hit it with its tail, rocking the boat in the process.
From the giant flailing about, the ship's armor fell off into the forest.
(The ship won't last at this rate......)
Gritting his teeth, he withstood the force of the bone crushing attack.
(First I have to take care of that tail!)
Kamito drew out Terminus Est with all his strength. Pulled by gravity, he began to fall. However, just before he did, he jumped as hard as possible.
He ran up the spirit's body rhythmically.
This was just a giant body. If he just observed the muscles for contractions and planned his next step, before he began to fall, he could safely reach another foothold. Though it was a technique which required uncommon ability and battle prowess.
"Sorry. I bear no hatred against you."
Jumping using just the giant's body—
The demon slayer held in both his hands cleaved through the spirit's tail.
The tail convulsed as it fell into the forest below.
However, Kamito's body also became airborne at the same time.
Gravity took over and began to pull him — just before that.
Something wrapped around his ankle and pulled him back up.
He was thrown around in the air — the next moment, he slapped onto the ship's deck.
"......Ouch......"
Kamito was assaulted by pain.
"......Rather, it burns, so would you control your temperature output!?"
The ankle that had the Flametounge around it was a little charred.
"It's punishment for being reckless. If I had messed up, you'd be a pancake right about now."
"I trusted that you wouldn't mess up, master."
"......You're really an idiot, you know that......"
Mumbled the red-faced Claire unintelligibly.
"—And, here it comes!"
With its tail cut off, the enraged annihilation spirit charged towards the ship.
A charge towards the deck with its mouth open, showing off its countless fangs!?
A dreadful shock rattled the ship. Pieces of the deck flew off and scattered.
Kamito took a stance and protected Claire from the shards.
"—As expected of a militarized annihilation spirit, such insane power."
While still onboard the ship deck, the annihilation spirit raged.
It appeared that its head had gotten stuck in the ship.
It was a chance. The ship couldn't take another blow.
Kamito took a stance with his Demon Slayer and charged it with divine power.
"Claire, I'm finishing it here!"
"Got it!"
The annihilation spirit writhed violently.
As it flapped its fin-like wings and attempted to ascend—
"I won't let you!"
Moments before it succeeded, Claire wrapped the Flametounge around it.
The Flametounge didn't manage to pierce the outer shell.
But the flame whip had knocked the spirit off-balance and made it crash back onto the deck.
There—
"Ohhhhhhhhh!"
Kamito ran towards it with a large sword.
A shining blade line.
Kicking off the ground, the sword strike cut into the soft underbelly of the spirit.
However—
"What!?"
Even with its underbelly pierced, the annihilation spirit had not been defeated.
The spirit opened its jaw to reveal many fangs in front of Kamito—
In that moment. He heard a voice from behind.
"O black-fanged dragon spirit, thou, abiding my command, eliminate my enemies—"
"......!?"
"—Destroy, Nidhogg!"
With that dignified voice—
The rough, mad blaze swallowed the enraged giant annihilation spirit.
This time the spirit was burned to charcoal and fell from the ship.
On the deck, there was a line of intense black flame.
"......Claire?"
A black dragon with spread wings stood there.
It was small for a dragon but still stood twice Kamito's height.
"Your finish is weak, Kazehaya Kamito."
Leonora Lancaster stood there beside the black dragon.
He wondered when she had regained consciousness.
"......That is the Knights of the Dragon Emperor's strongest dragon, Nidhogg."
Claire whispered while looking.
(......I see, it really isn't your everyday spirit.)
Kamito was astonished.
(Looks like this time's Blade Dance will have people of this level......)
"......You're a life saver, thanks."
Kamito expressed his thanks and Leonora shook her head.
"That militarized spirit was from Dracunia to begin with so it's only natural that we be the ones to finish it."
"......Even though you were passed out the whole time."
"Th-that's because a man to-touched my chest......!"
The glaring Claire and panicking Leonora.
The ship shook slightly and then started gaining altitude.
It seems that the back-up spirit engine had been started.
"At least now we can relax."
"But how did a militarized spirit that was supposed to be sealed attack us—"
That spirit was not mad.
It had attacked the ship intentionally.
"It was probably someone who wanted to eliminate the Blade Dance competitors. It's impossible to track who used a militarized spirit."
Leonora analyzed the situation calmly.
"It seems these kinds of attacks are commonplace. It seems that even if we're not there yet, we should treat it as if the Blade Dance has already begun."
While leaning over the side of the ship, Claire pointed at the shadow of the ship.
"Look over there."
"Yeah?"
Kamito took a peek and saw a battleship within the clouds retreating.
"I don't know whose ship it is, but there's no way it's not connected to that attack. To use a militarized spirit of that class, there must be several elementalists onboard that ship."
"Are we not going to chase them?"
"Without a flying wind spirit, it's impossible to catch up to a battleship going at full speed. And they probably have more militarized spirits. It's too dangerous."
"......Sealed militarized spirits, huh."
Something was tugging at the edge of Kamito's mind.
He remembered the battle with Jio Inzagi and his mission at the mine.
(Restia was trying to unseal the strategic-class militarized spirit Jormungandr.)
As expected, he might just be thinking too much into it—
"This might be connected to that darkness spirit girl from the other militarized spirit case......"
But it seemed that Claire had the same idea.
She peered at Kamito with a meek face.
"......"
Kamito stayed silent.
"Kamito, are you unhurt!?"
"All of a sudden, the ship shook......what happened out here!?"
"Kamito-kun, are you okay?"
Ellis, Rinslet and Fianna all came up to the deck.
"Kazehaya Kamito, I will retire for today but—"
And Leonora reverted her black dragon to its sword form and turned on her heel.
"Deceiving princess maidens and forming a heavenly harem — that Wish is something this blade will never allow."
"Wait, I'm not wishing for that kind of thing!"
"Y-You, are you participating in the Blade Dance for that kind of wish?"
Gogogogogogogogo......!
"Claire, don't believe it!"
"A heavenly harem......was it?"
"Kamito-san, what does that mean!"
"Umm, what rank am I?"
"You guys......"
......After that, Kamito was questioned by the young ladies for about an hour.
"Nii-sama, why have you become that weak?"
On the deck of the small battleship—
The girl with ash grey hair tilted her head in a strange manner.
Underfoot were the shattered remains of a ring.
It was the ring of the sealed annihilation spirit.
"Muir, you should have been told not to use the Jester's Vise."
From the ship's hatch appeared another girl.
A girl with brown skin that looked to be around 15 years old.
Beautiful jade hair. Pure red pupils and pointed ears.
She was a sub-human Elfim with all the traits of one.
"It's not Muir's fault. It's the fault of those military guys for having a weak spirit."
"The mission this time is just to test his power. Just because you wanted to, a precious spirit was lost."
"If it couldn't stand Muir's Jester's Vise, it wasn't fit to be used."
"Militarized spirits aren't your toys. They're not something you just throw away."
"Hmph, and that's why Lily is weak."
Muir pouted her cheeks in discontent.
The Elfim girl — Lily Flame breathed a heavy sigh.
"Well, fine, so how was his power? We lost a precious militarized spirit. You better at least have that or you'll have no excuse for Cardinal."
"Nii-sama has become weak."
Muir put her index finger to her lips and shook her head in disappointment.
"......Weak? Even though he defeated a mid-class militarized spirit?"
"The past nii-sama would have done it alone. But this time, the group with nii-sama pulled him down."
"His teammates from Areishia Academy, huh. I really can't believe it......that he's hanging out with that half-baked group."
"Like this, nii-sama will just become weaker."
"......That's true. Eventually a hindrance to Cardinal's plan may appear."
Lily muttered this—
"It's fine. Muir will just kill everyone."
Muir smiled innocently and turned towards her.
"Muir, don't do willful things. We are the Cardinal's tools?"
"Shut up, Lily."
"......!?"
For an instant a shudder ran through Lily Flame's body.
The number two of the Instructional School — "Monster" Muir Alenstarl.
She must never be upset.
Lily had accompanied her for a long time so she knew that well.
"Muir doesn't care about anything other than nii-sama. I'll kill you too if you get in my way, Lily."
"Muir......"
A few breathless seconds.
And then—
"Aha, I'm joking. Lily, what kind of face are you making?"
Muir made a pure smile and turned towards her.
"Lily is my precious friend so I won't just kill you that easily."
"......"
Muir looked towards the far end of the ship and sighed.
"Wait for me, nii-sama. I'll erase the meddlesome onee-chans for you."

A few hours after the annihilation spirit's attack.
The Belphal-class flying ship, repaired by the engineering team, landed in the sacred land of the Wind Elemental Lord.
"Ah, I can see the island!"
On the deck, Rinslet seemed to be in a good mood and pointed at the island.
The pure and high-spirited figure of this young highborn lady was cute.
"Do-Don't say it so loudly. It's embarrassing."
Claire whispered that in a small voice while poking Rinslet's elbow.
"Oh my, to want me to be quiet, are you jealous?"
"You give off a bad impression is what I'm saying."
Kamito watched over them with sidelong glances while he got to the side of the ship.
"So that's the sacred land......"
Between the thick clouds and surrounded by a steep mountain range was a floating island.
Ragna Ys – even within Astral Zero, it was one of the most important of the sacred lands.
"Restia is there......"
Kamito gripped his leather gloved left hand.
The flying ship quietly advanced towards the floating island's port.
Past noon. A little after the appointed time, the flying ship docked at Grand Ys' harbor.
Upon seeing the battered condition of the flying ship, all the ship mechanics held their heads.
They transferred at the port into the Divine Ritual Institute's prepared horse-drawn carriages.
Because horse-drawn carriages were meant for four people, it was a little tight with six. Est went as a sword but that only freed up one space.
During the horse-drawn carriage's bumpy ride, he had felt Rinslet's breasts. Kamito quickly separated himself from her but it was really tight.
"Ka-Kamito-san......you're perverted."
"S-Sorry, it was unavoidable."
"Well, I understand that but......"
Rinslet sulked.
But there was no reproachful look in that face.
By the way, on the opposite side, Claire–
"......Whatever, anyway, my breasts won't shake......"
For some reason, she was muttering to herself with teary eyes.
The horse-drawn carriage continued to the opening ceremony's castle.
While pointing at various things outside the window, Claire acted as a guide.
"The floating island Ragna Ys is one of the five sacred lands, the sacred land of the Wind Elemental Lord. The Blade Dance was held here 74 years ago."
By the way, the Blade Dance three years ago had been held in the Fire Elemental Lord's territory at Fire Mountain city. There was no rule as to where the Blade Dance would be held as it was decided by oracles received by the Queens.
"And the castle in the center is a historic ruin from a mystical age."
"So that's where we're lodging, huh?"
"Yes, it is an unequaled opportunity. Normally the Divine Ritual Institute would never allow anyone except princess maidens to enter. Which reminds me, have you been there before, Fianna?"
"Yes, but just once. I normally remained at the Fire Elemental Lord's shrine."
"......The Elemental Lord's true shrine. I'm a little nervous."
Ellis whispered that with a nervous expression.
There were no signs of people on the paved road.
The ones invited to the opening ceremony were the Five Great Elemental Lords and the Queens that serve them, the elementalist representatives and the uppercrust nobility only. The entrance of others was not permitted and could provoke the beginning of a real war.
"Are the king and queen of the Empire not coming?"
"......It seems. But that doesn't concern me."
Fianna shrugged and Kamito–
"......S-Sorry."
Fianna had been named the “Lost Queen” after she lost her spirit contracting powers despite being a Queen candidate and consequently was shunned by the king and queen.
Speaking about the king and queen to her may have been insensitive of him.
"I don't mind. To begin with, our relationship wasn't that good and not returning to the Divine Ritual Institute almost got me disowned. I have no intention of clinging to my title as the second princess and even if I'm removed from the monarchy line–"
And then Fianna stopped talking.
Claire's parents had been imprisoned and she was chasing her rebel sister who had disappeared.
"I don't mind."
Claire flicked her red twintails up and turned to Rinslet.
"Is anybody coming from Rinslet or Ellis' households to watch?"
"Yes. My father and younger sister will be coming."
"One of the Blade Dance's objective is to gather superior talent. The Fahrengart family traditionally adopts those excelling in martial ability."
Rinslet and Ellis nodded at the same time. Come to think of it, Ellis' step-sister, Velsaria Eva, was adopted, thought Kamito.
"Th-That's why, that is, if you display your true power before them, they might be wi-willing to accept you as an adopted child......"
"......?"
For some reason, Ellis was muttering unintelligibly with a red face.
"Will Kamito's family be coming?"
"Eh?"
At Claire's words–
Kamito asked without thinking.
"......My family?"
With the way the conversation was going, it was obvious that he would be asked that.
But Kamito suddenly couldn't manage to reply.
Family – the one word Kamito was most separate from.
"You, you really don't talk about your family. I think I heard your parents were from the empire?"
"Y-Yeah......"
He nodded with ambiguity. In the academy application that Greyworth had prepared, Kamito was the adopted son of a lower-class family of nobles. Claire had believed that.
Of course, that family of nobles didn't really exist. It was just a family created on paper.
Kamito had no known family name. Any vague memories he had of his parents when he was young had been overwritten with the experiences at the Instructional School.
The one who had been by the young Kamito's side was the darkness spirit – only Restia.
Possibly–
(I wonder if I could call them family......)
Kamito recalled the other girls at the facility.
The other two girls in his tactical team at the Instructional School.
They didn't know each others' real names and it wasn't a relationship between comrades.
The expert intelligence elementalist, Lily Flame.
And that girl that was attached to him and called him nii-sama.
(......The militarized spirit elementalist, Muir Alenstarl.)
Four years ago. Ever since the facility had been destroyed in the flame spirit's attack, Kamito had lost track of where she was. He had heard the greater half of the orphans there were taken in for protection by the Empire, but there were sure to be others like Jio Inzagi who had used the chaos of the institution's destruction to escape.
He wondered if his remembering them was because of that dream he had–
"......? What's wrong, to make you have such a grim face?"
"Nothing, just thinking about the past."
Kamito averted his eyes from the inquiring Claire and looked out the window.
They were approaching the castle on the mountain.
The horse-drawn carriage stopped before a large gate made of stone.
The castle at the top of the slightly inclined mountain was prepared with unparalleled beauty and grandeur.
It was surrounded by a forest and had a lake a short distance away.
Other teams also arrived and stopped their horse-drawn carriages before the gate.
(......It's a good thing we haven't run into that Dragon Princess.)
Relieved, he descended from the horse-drawn carriage and,
"We have been awaiting your arrival, princess maidens who have come to entertain the Elemental Lords."
Inside the gate, a group of girls in priestess garb greeted them.
"They are the apprentices of the Divine Ritual Institute. My juniors."
Fianna whispered into his ear.
"While you are staying here, we will be in your care for instruction in femininity."
When the princess maidens bowed, Kamito stole a glance of their bare breasts underneath the garment and his heart throbbed.
Looking closely, the ceremonial garments they were wearing were equivalent to being half-naked.
The opening above the breasts was large and at the hem of skirts, a slight amount of youthful skin was peeking out.
Even though the clothes were to inspire purity, they were strangely erotic.
Maybe if Claire and the others wore those clothes......he suddenly thought of that.
"Hm? Kamito, what are you looking at?"
He was asked that by Claire–
"Ahh, I was just thinking that if you guys wore those clothes, it'd really suit you–"
"Wha!?"
......Kamito said his thoughts out loud without thinking.
(......Uwa, I messed up!)
"Wh-wh-wh-what are you sa-sa-sa-saying, you perverted slave spirit!"
Claire's face flared red and she beat her whip against the ground.
"Ka-Kamito-san likes those kinds of things, it seems......"
"Wh-What do you think the sacred garments are!"
"I wonder if I still have my sacred garments from when I was in the Divine Ritual Institute?"
The three young ladies whispered amongst themselves.
"So, Kamito-sama, whose figure did you imagine?"
"......!?"
The smiling Carol asked and Kamito averted his eyes.
Entering the castle, they arrived at a large entry hall.
Beautiful arches with a high ceiling. A carpet was spread on the ground through a pillared corridor up to a door that led further in.
The lighting was provided not by lamps or spirit stones, but by small floating light spirits.
Even if it was called a relic of the mythical age, several thousand years of repeated reconstruction and remodeling had left few traces of things from that time long ago. The sole remaining traces were sculptures hidden by stone pillars.
Along the pillared corridor's walls were colorful illustrations. These were at best the remnants of a few hundred years and the motifs were Queens that had left their name in history as well as Blade Dance winners.
"Hm?"
Kamito stopped before a large set of pictures.
Depicted there was the winner of the Blade Dance from three years ago.
The strongest blade dancer – Ren Ashbell.
Wrapped in the strange garments of a foreign country, with an ominous demonic blade of darkness in her left hand.
That blade in her left hand was the darkness spirit, Restia's elemental waffe, Vorpal Sword.
Bewitching black hair. Pearly white cheeks.
That girl's profile, drawn with a delicate touch, viewed as a goal, was very beautiful.
"......This is overdone. The work of a painter without a discerning eye."
Kamito muttered that and Ellis who had walked around turned towards him.
"It's you who lacks appreciation. Her beauty wasn't like that."
"That's right. Even though we're the same gender, she made my heart throb."
Claire also nodded in agreement.
"Ah–, I see......"
Kamito made a sour expression and groaned.
"Fufu, aren't you glad, Kamito-kun."
"You......"
Fianna teasingly laughed and looked at Kamito through half-opened eyes.
Following the princess maidens through the large castle, they finally arrived at their rooms.
"Empire representatives Team Scarlet, your room is over here. If you would like to eat, use something or anything else, please do not hesitate to do so."
"Wait a second, am I in the same room?"
Kamito quickly asked the princess maiden and,
"Th-th-th-there's no way, what are you thinking!"
Claire refuted it with a panicked expression.
"Y-Yeah, as expected, staying in the same room as a gentleman is difficult."
Said Ellis as she cleared her throat.
"That's right, as expected......right."
"B-But, it can't be helped if there are no open rooms, right?"
Fianna and Rinslet also exchanged nervous glances.
"......? Of course, we have prepared a separate room for the gentleman."
To the guiding princess maiden's words,
"Th-That's right, of course!"
"Y-Yes, it is an obvious requirement!"
The young ladies said in high-pitched voices.
"Fufu, that's a pity."
"Like that would happen. Having just a lone male in a room of girls, what kind of torture is that?"
Kamito said that to the laughing and smiling Carol with half-opened eyes.
"Then, I'll be going straight to bed. See you later."
"Kamito, wait a moment."
His collar was grabbed as he turned to head for his room.
"What?"
"We are going to purify ourselves now."
"Purify?"
Purification meant the act of washing one's body with water in a purifying ceremony. Maidens that were not pure could not use spirits. For that reason, elementalists had to constantly maintain a pure mind and body.
"That's why, that is......y-you get changed and come to the lake as well!"
"Nah, I'm fine. I'll do it alone later."
Kamito shook his head in a troubled manner.
"Or rather, you don't want me to see you in swimsuits, right?"
"Th-That is......"
Claire's cheeks flushed and she averted her gaze,
"No, not really, i-it's not that I don't want it......it's fine if it's Kamito."
"......?"
"N-Nothing!"
Unfortunately, Claire's voice had been too quiet and he couldn't hear it well.
......He wondered what that was. Recently, Claire had become rather inarticulate.
"A-Anyway, we're a team so we'll be doing the purification together as well!"
This was a command to her slave spirit – Claire said this as her red twintails stood on end.
"Th-That's right, breaking the team's unity isn't good!"
"Kamito-san doesn't have enough self-recognition as part of a team!"
"Being able to do the purification ceremony together is a sign of trust!"
The three young ladies all agreed with each other.
"No, you guys are exaggerating......"
......He wondered why they were fussing over the purification so much.
The maid Carol cleared her throat with furrowed brows.
"To be clear, the ladies simply want to show Kamito their new swimsuits–"
""""Carol!""""
The collective voice of the young ladies.
"What is it, exactly......"
Kamito felt troubled–
A tug.
His cuff was being pulled.
"......Est?"
Est, who had returned to human form at some point, looked up at Kamito.
"Kamito, I want to play with Kamito at the lake."
"......"
Being looked at by Est's mysterious pupils, Kamito gulped.
(I did something bad to Est this morning so......)
It seemed like Est wasn't mad anymore but–
He felt that he had to do something to compensate her.
Kamito placed his hand on Est's head and caressed it.
"Got it. Let's play at the lake together."
"Yes, Kamito. I'm happy."
Est nodded expressionlessly.
Kamito turned towards Est and the others.
"With that, I'll also be doing the purification – hey, Owaa!"
""""Why are you so soft on Est!""""
Four people's luggage flew to his face.
......It seems like we have no problems with teamwork.
"–Here is Kamito-sama's room."
Kamito was led down the hallway to a gloomy room the furthest in.
The room was putrid and had a gloomy air to it. In the corner were paintings and sculptures as well as other junk covered in spiderwebs.
"......Is it just me or am I the only one being treated this badly?"
......In Claire and the others' room, there had even been a fireplace and chandelier.
Rather than a room, this was closer to a storage room.
"The Divine Ritual Institute decided this."
The princess maiden cleared her throat.
......It seemed like she was being openly cold towards Kamito.
(......Well, it can't be helped, I guess.)
The Divine Ritual Institute was, like the academy, far removed from the presence of men.
"Does this room not have a light?"
"Yes. Light spirits wouldn't come near this kind of gloomy room."
"I'll open the window."
"As you wish. However, it may be rusted shut."
"......"
Kamito sighed deeply and entered the box-like room.
He had left Est at the girls' room so he had to clean the room by himself.
(......Now that I think about it, it's about time to eat.)
Other than the black tea he drank on the flying ship, he had not eaten anything since that morning.
"Sorry, could I request something light to eat?"
"Kamito-sama wishes for nyotaimori? [3] I apologize but that–"
"I didn't say that! Just something normal like a sandwich!"
"A nyotai-sandwich......wrapping yourself with breasts......?"
"......I'm begging you, please stop with the nyotai stuff."
Kamito sighed deeply at the scornful glare he received from the princess maiden.
"This kind of bold swimsuit......is it okay?"
"The knight captain's breasts are unexpectedly quite large......"
"Ahn – what are you doing!"
Ellis gave a cute cry at Rinslet fondling her breasts.
In the girls' room, the young ladies were changing into swimsuits from their uniforms.
Smooth, young skin. Bewitching body lines.
They were beautiful girls of equally outstanding proportions.
In the corner was Claire who felt that she had lost.
(......Wh-What, it's not just me!)
......The slightly present chest.
With a pink tip, it was like a budding flower.
(Even though everybody else is growing properly......)
She sighed as she watched the rest of the team getting changed.
The only one it felt like she could win against was Est, but she was a spirit.
(Even Kamito wouldn't like this kind of small chest......)
While lightly rubbing the slight bumps–
What appeared in Claire's mind was a scene from two months prior.
The time when she had first met Kamito at the lake in the Spirit Forest.
The words he had said when he had seen her bathing naked.
–I have no interest towards a kid's body, he had said.
"......!"
Remembering it, her cheeks flushed red.
Having a guy her age see her naked, that was of course her first time.
(......But thinking about it, it was only two months ago.)
Standing on one foot and slipping on her new swimsuit, Claire sighed.
Only two months.
But ever since she had met Kamito, many things have happened.
The showdown with Ellis at the academy. Fighting the rampaging militarized spirit.
The cooking battle with the newly transferred Fianna. The mission at the mine.
Two weeks ago, they defeated the strongest elementalist and gathered five teammates to participate in the Blade Dance.
–Until she met Kamito, she was always alone.
(But I still don't really know anything about Kamito......)
Dropping her panties onto the floor, she sank deep into thought.
Even when she had asked about his family on the horse-drawn carriage, he had avoided the question.
(It's not like I want to pry but–)
The thing she still didn't know about Kamito was his connection with that darkness spirit girl.
She had given Claire the frenzied spirit and had been at the mine with Jio Inzagi for the purpose of unsealing the strategic-class militarized spirit Jormungandr.
She was Kamito's contracted spirit but nothing else was known.
Whenever a discussion about the past arose, Kamito would stay silent.
......She didn't like that.
(At least tell your master, idiot......)
While hiding her small chest with her hands, Claire pressed her lips together, displeased.

The sun beamed down gently into the forest.
The rich colors flitting about in the air.
Colorful fruits adorned the branches of the densely growing trees.
It was the lake beside the castle.
Because of the spirits floating near the lake shore, this lake granted high purity. It was a place of the highest quality for a princess maiden's purification.
"Claire and the others aren't here yet......"
Kamito, who had just arrived, surveyed the area.
His top half was naked. On his bottom half, he wore trunks. Of course, he had removed the leather glove on his left hand, but he wrapped the seal underneath with a black cloth.
"Being the first one here makes it look like I'm really excited and that's embarrassing."
While scratching his head, he complained and–
"Kamito-kun, sorry to keep you waiting!"
"Owaa!?"
Squish.
Being suddenly hugged from behind, Kamito unconsciously yelped.
"Fianna!?"
Surprised, he turned around–
And there stood the cute princess wearing a bold black swimsuit.
"Does it suit me?"
"......!?"
Fianna's swimsuit was an adult-like bikini. Wrapped around her supple hips was a low-leg pantie. A black ribbon adorned her chest. The frills wrapped around her thighs coupled with the garter looked erotic. The triangular cloth covering her breasts was very suggestive and seemed about to spill over.
"A queen shouldn't be that immodest!"
"Fufu, Kamito-kun got angry ♪"
Fianna stuck out her tongue in a cute manner and released his arm.
"Y-You......"
Kamito's heart throbbed at those enchanting words.
"That's right. Kamito-kun, should I show you my spirit seal?"
"Wha–"
Fianna bent over and–
Allowed him to gaze at her breasts within the gap of her bold swimsuit.
Kamito swallowed hard.
"Look, it's right here. On the inside......"
While teasing him with her bold actions, her face was lightly tinted red.
Despite wearing a mature swimsuit, she was still a pure young lady.
The soft cleavage that, even now, urged him to bury his face in it.
Just as he glanced the spirit seal carved within–
"Fianna-san, wh-what are you doing!"
From the small path within the forest ran the swimsuit-clad Rinslet.
It was a proper-looking swimsuit suited to a well-bred young lady, but it emphasized her breasts' volume. The legs peeking out from under her pareo were so beautiful that Kamito froze in fascination.
"Ka-Kamito-san, how is my swimsuit?"
"......Y-Yeah, it really suits you."
Kamito spoke his true thoughts and Rinslet blushed.
"Y-You really......think so? I-I don't like being flattered."
"It's not flattery. You're really, um......beautiful."
"......Auu......"
Rinslet reddened right up to her ears.
And fell over just like that.
"S-Sorry for making you wait!"
And now came a rigid voice.
The one who emerged from the same path as Rinslet was the knight captain, Ellis.
She was wearing a sporty navy blue swimsuit with a stress on practicality. It was plain compared to Fianna and Rinslet's, but the gap between her armored state and the current one emphasizing her body line was dangerous.
He was rooted to the spot.
"Ka-Kamito, don't look here, look over there!"
"S-Sorry......!"
Kamito quickly averted his gaze and––
Ellis cleared her throat.
"......N-No, I mean it's fine to look?"
"Which one is it......"
"Sh-Shut up! Besides, you probably just thought it's a boring swimsuit!"
"Nobody said that."
Kamito tiredly sighed.
"......I should've worn a more erotic swimsuit."
"Hmm?"
It felt like the knight captain had just said something amazing but–
"Ellis looks very beautiful in her swimsuit."
"Eh?"
Exclaimed Ellis, her amber eyes widening.
"I thought it suited the serious Ellis."
"Kamito......"
Ellis tightened her arm to her chest and blushed.
"The only ones left are Claire and Est–"
Kamito muttered and,
"Ka-Kamito......"
"Claire?"
At the voice he'd grown accustomed to, he turned around – Claire stood there.
......No.
From behind a large tree, twintails were poking out.
"You, what are you doing?"
"......"
Claire stayed hidden behind the tree.
"Did your swimsuit's string get cut by any chance?"
"Th-That's not it!"
The twintails stood on end.
"Then why aren't you coming out?"
"B-Because it's......embarrassing."
"Embarrassing, you say......everybody's also in a swimsuit."
"That's true but......o-okay."
Claire resigned herself and timidly came out.
At that moment–
Kamito's breath stopped.
Claire was wearing a pure red bikini. Though it was a plain and simple design, it actually accentuated her beauty. The panties held with string wrapped the smooth skin and her thighs had a thin line from her leather whip.
It was painful to admit, but she was insanely cute.
Honestly, he didn't understand why she was embarrassed.
"You......"
"D-Don't say anything, since I'm just......"
When he saw her timidly hiding her chest with both hands–
Kamito realized the reason.
Claire was concerned about her small breasts.
"......Jeez."
Kamito made a wry smile and placed his hand on the embarrassed Claire's head.
"Fuaa!"
"Listen, okay? These are my true thoughts. I won't say it again."
"Wh-What is it......!"
"You're cute, Claire."
"Fuaaa, i-idiot, what are you saying!"
Hit, hit, hit.
Claire hit his shoulder with a beet-red face.
"This time the knight captain is the demon!"
"I won't lose in swimming."
"Ellis, you can't use your wind armor."
The lovely voices echoing within the forest. Glistening water droplets.
Breasts that shook in tango with the rest of the body met the eyes.
The swimsuit-clad beauties frolicked in the lake.
......No matter how you look at it, there's no feeling of this being a purification ceremony.
(Well, it's important to relax as well......)
Kamito stretched out on the lake shore.
He couldn't play with the girls because he'd be constantly distracted, so he took to sunbathing. The girls seemed dissatisfied, but perhaps because they had heavy-handedly forced him to come, they let him go.
Beside him, Est was kneeling while licking a popsicle.
Her snow fairy-like body was covered by a navy blue academy-issued swimsuit.
Her smooth milky skin and smooth silvery white hair.
On both of her legs were knee-high socks.
Est had the sort of appearance that maniacs would like, wearing both a swimsuit and knee-high socks.
There wasn't much skin showing, but for some reason, it felt like it crossed even more lines than being fully nude.
"Est, you're not going to play with everyone?"
"It would be embarrassing to be barefooted."
Est replied expressionlessly.
"Besides, I can't swim."
"Ahh, I see......"
Est was a sword spirit so she couldn't float.
No matter how strong of a spirit she was, she couldn't cast off her basic metal attribute.
(......Come to think of it, it was also near a lake that I made the contract with Est.)
While gazing at Est's side profile, Kamito thought that.
Demon Slayer – Terminus Est.
A legendary sealed holy sword spirit. It was a mystery why a sword of her caliber had chosen Kamito.
–He still had no idea.
Besides, Est had many other secrets as well.
"Hey, Est–"
"?"
Est turned towards him while licking the popsicle.
"Are you really the holy sword that defeated the Demon King?"
The legend of the Demon Slayer remained everywhere on the continent.
Est was undoubtedly an unrivaled sword, but there was no way she was the real one – that's what he thought.
(But if she really is......)
The power that had destroyed the Cursed Armament Seal on Velsaria's heart two weeks ago.
That was not the ability of a regular sword spirit.
In the legend of the Demon Slayer, the holy sword was also said to have destroyed the spirit seals for all seventy-two of the Demon King's contracts.
"I'm sorry, Kamito."
But Est silently shook her head.
"My memories are incomplete right now. If I regained my true body, my memories should return with my full power."
"No, I should be the one to apologize. Sorry."
Because Kamito clung to his contract with Restia, the contract with Est remained incomplete. Est could not display her true power.
"No, Kamito."
Est brought the popsicle away from her lips and gazed at Kamito with her mysterious eyes.
And then–
"I'm glad I contracted with you."
"......Est?"
For a moment, the fleeting expression on Est's face made his heart race.
"–Kamito-san."
"Owaa!"
Platinum blonde hair sparkled in the sunlight.
At some point in time, the swimsuit-clad Rinslet had stood beside him.
"Don't surprise me like that......"
"No, that is, sorry......"
Kamito apologized to the pouting Rinslet.
"What's wrong, Rinslet, you're not going to swim with everyone else?"
At his words, Rinslet squirmed a bit and her face reddened.
"I c-can't, that is......I can't swim very well."
"Is that so?"
That was unexpected. That the perfect Rinslet would have that kind of weak point.
"Hmm? Even though you were playing tag in the water normally just now?"
"Th-That was......umm, it was a little trick."
"Trick?"
Rinslet nodded timidly and stuck out her finger.
A freezing atmosphere gathered and from thin air appeared a white wolf.
The demon ice spirit Fenrir.
"I was riding on this child's back while in the water."
"......I see."
Upon imagining the white wolf elegantly running around under the water surface with all its might, Kamito wryly smiled.
"Y-You just laughed, didn't you! That's horrible!"
"S-Sorry......"
"And so, umm......"
And Rinslet's cheeks became even redder.
"I'd like to ask a favor of you, Kamito-san."
"A favor?"
"Umm, that is, my......"
And then Rinslet became inarticulate.
(......What?)
It was at times like these that her maid would translate for him–
Kamito looked around and found the hiding figure of Carol.
......He had been thinking for a while now that he hadn't seen her, but she was hiding this entire time.
She was moving her lips and appeared to be saying something–
Kamito used the lip-reading ability he had been trained in at the institute.
(Milady, do your best – was it......what did that mean?)
Waiting for a little while like that–
"Ka-Kamito-san!"
Rinslet yelled out and seemed to have found her resolve.
Sweeping her platinum blonde hair up and pointing at Kamito–
"I-I shall allow you to teach me how to swim!"
......I see, thought Kamito with a wry smile.
(......As always, she's a lady that just can't be honest.)
But if you got used to it, those points about her also became cute.
"Est, I'm going to swim with Rinslet for a bit."
"Yes, Kamito......"
Est pouted a little sadly.
"Ka-Kamito-san, please don't let go......"
"Yeah, it's fine. Spread out your body more."
Splash. The sound of water echoed near the shore.
A little bit away from where everyone was playing, in the shadow of a rock, Kamito was teaching Rinslet how to swim.
It seemed she didn't want the others to know.
"F-for sure, okay......i-if you let go, I'll make you into an ice sculpture!"
With a nervous expression, Rinslet gripped onto Kamito's arms.
With the soft sensation upon his skin, his heart throbbed.
"I-I got it, so please don't force your nails into me."
"S-Sorry about that......"
Taking her hands off his arms, she instead grabbed his hands.
She held tightly with her slender and soft fingers.
"A gentleman's......hand."
With red cheeks, her upturned eyes were wavering.
"Well, I am always holding a sword......"
Kamito said while quickly averting his eyes.
(Th-This angle is bad......!)
From the white nape to the collarbone adorned with water droplets.
The breasts that could be seen under the water surface were much too distracting.
"Kamito-san, where are you looking?"
"Ah, no......come on, loosen up and stretch out."
Kamito immediately changed the topic.
"T-To have a boy give me an order......that's the first time."
Rinslet shut her mouth tightly.
But that expression looked somewhat happy.
"Sorry, milady. I'm just an impertinent fellow."
"No, i-it's fine if you give more orders. B-But perverted orders are a little......"
"Hmm?"
"N-Nothing!"
Rinslet spoke into the water and formed bubbles.
What a strange person – Kamito thought that and then.
"......?"
Kamito felt someone watching him.
He felt a blade-like pressure on the back of his neck.
Kamito quickly surveyed the area.
He only felt the presence for an instant and it had already disappeared.
(I don't think it was my imagination but......)
It might just have been the spirits around the lake.
Well, it had disappeared quickly so there was no point worrying about it.
"What's wrong?"
"No, it's nothing......come on, relax more."
"......L-Like this?"
Rinslet nodded honestly and stretched out her entire body.
Her cute butt wrapped in the white swimsuit rose out of the water.
"I-I floated!"
Her smile was like a blooming rose, very bewitching.
"Rinslet really becomes cute when she's honest."
With a wry smile, Kamito whispered that and Rinslet became red to her ears.
"......Kamito-san, you're teasing me, aren't you?"
Bite. Like she was scolding him, she bit onto both of his arms.
Bite. Bite.
"Rinslet, it hurts......"
"Fufu, it's punishment for teasing me."
Rinslet smiled elegantly and finally stopped biting him.
But as expected of a talented lady, her learning rate was really fast.
"Then, next, try moving your feet."
"Y-Yes......"
Rinslet nodded and–
"Kyan!"
Suddenly gave out a cute yelp.
"W-What happened?"
"Fua, ya, ahn......w-where are you touching!"
Rinslet flopped around in the water.
"N-No, at this kind of place......Kamito-san......you're perverted."
"......Wa-Wait, I'm not doing anything!"
Kamito denied with all his heart and–
Gogogogogogo......!
The water surface that had been calm until just now boiled.
"That seems like fun, Kamito."
"Claire!?"
What rose from the water was Claire with her twintails standing on end.
Her tone was calm but......she was angry. No mistake.
"Y-Y-You, what are you doing alone with Rinslet?"
"No, this is just swimming training–"
At his answer – Kamito hurriedly shut himself up.
Rinslet had wanted him to not reveal that she couldn't swim.
He couldn't betray her trust.
Kamito suddenly became quiet, and it seemed that that incited Claire.
"Could it be that you were doing s-something that you can't tell me......"
Gogogogogogo......!
"Th-That's wrong, Claire, this is–"
What came to Kamito at that time was–
"That is......it was a secret lesson!"
Those words.
"......Secret lesson!?"
Claire's eyebrows shot up.
......Crap, it seemed that he had messed up his word selection.
"Th-That's right, it was a lesson about things that can't be said!"
While still holding onto Kamito's arm, Rinslet said that.
"A-A lesson about things that can't be said......"
"Wait, Rinslet, that wording will invite misunderstandings–"
But Claire had already turned red from whatever she had imagined.
"......Kamito, th-this pervert, how lewd!"
Hit, hit, hit.
"Calm down, you're wrong! It wasn't a lesson like you're imagining!"
"Claire, could you please not interrupt our secret lesson?"
Rinslet said with a composed smile.
"......Y-You, get away from Kamito!"
"Oh my, why should I?"
Sparks flew between the hell cat girl and the ice princess.
......The usual fight had begun.
"Ka-Kamito is my slave spirit and I won't give him to you!"
"No, Kamito-san is mine!"
Both of them each grabbed one of his cheeks.
......A fight between two top-class elementalists started.
While sending water droplets flying, both of them grappled with each other's swimsuits.
Rinslet was always standing normally. This was the sandbar, so there was a foothold.
The breasts and butt that could be seen from the offset swimsuit made Kamito turn red.
"G-Give up already!"
Rinslet placed a hand on Claire's breast and pulled at her swimsuit.
And then.
The string of the red bikini came undone–
"......!?"
Time stopped.
Claire quickly covered her breasts with her hands, but it was too late.
The figure of those small, cute hidden mounds was burned into Kamito's vision.
"......D-Did you see?"
Kamito nodded truthfully.
"A, uu......"
Claire flushed red up to her ears–
"......Fuaaaaan!?"
"Claire!"
And bolted into the forest.
"Jeez......"
"I-I wonder if I did something bad......"
Rinslet was reflecting.
The forest that spread around the lake.
Even if it was the Elemental Lord's sacred land, there could be dangerous spirits in the forest.
He knew Claire was a top-class elementalist – but as expected, he was still worried.
Kamito sighed and chased after Claire who had disappeared into the forest.
While running in the dark forest–
(Ka-Kamito saw my breasts......!)
Claire reddened.
It was embarrassing to the point that her face felt like it would burst into flames.
(Jeez, what is this, what is this, idiot!)
He had seen her naked in their first meeting.
But then and now were totally different.
She didn't know why though......
(Wh-Why is my heart......beating this fast, I wonder.)
Claire stopped running and suppressed her beating heart.
That's right, she didn't hate that he had seen her naked.
Having him see her underdeveloped breasts had been a shock.
(Th-This small of a chest is strange, isn't it......)
Rub. Rub.
While feeling her soft chest, she bit her lip.
Claire had read it in a book.
That boys liked girls with big breasts.
That definitely did not exclude Kamito–
After all, Kamito had been all happy around that big-breasted Rinslet.
(Wh-wh-wh-what's this secret lesson about things that can't be said, y-you idiot!)
Remembering it again, she felt her anger resurge.
Just what were those two doing in the shadow of that rock–
"I-I d-don't really care about who he gets along with......"
–Just as she said that with a pout.
She felt a cold sensation on the back of her neck.
"......Who is it!?"
Turning around, she inquired with a sharp voice.
And.
"Hmm, you're unexpectedly sharp, onee-chan. But separating from the group isn't good."
Appearing from the trees like a shadow–
A single hooded girl.
Slightly visible ash grey hair. Transparent blue pupils.
A young girl that was even smaller than the short Claire.
(–A child in this place?)
Claire was suspicious.
She didn't appear to be a princess maiden of the Divine Ritual Institute.
The only possibility was that she was a member of another team.
"Do you have some business with me?"
Claire asked while keeping her guard up.
What she had felt just before was close to killing intent.
Even if her opponent was a small girl, she couldn't be careless.
The girl laughed lightly.
"I'll have you disappear, onee-chan. For nii-sama's sake."
"......!?"
Instantly, Claire reacted.
Water came from the ground as many tentacles were formed and attacked her.
(......A water spirit user!?)
The writhing water tentacles splintered the surrounding trees' branches.
Claire landed on the ground and performed her summoning.
Guardian of the crimson blaze, keeper of the undying hearth!
–Now's the time to abide by the blood contract, come forth and do my bidding!
"–Scarlet!"
A crimson flame-clad hell cat appeared from thin air.
The hell cat immediately transformed into a whip in her hand.
"You, do you understand who you're picking a fight with?"
"Of course, Claire Rouge. The Calamity Queen's younger sister."
"Looks like you really did your research!"
Claire swung down the flame whip.
Drawing a pure red line in the air, it easily mowed down the forests' trees
But the water tentacles coming from the ground easily stopped the flame whip.
"Wha–"
"There's no way onee-chan's flame spirit can defeat this Scylla."
"......Scylla?"
Claire had read that name at the academy.
It was the name of a special-use militarized spirit that could be used by anyone. That flexibility to switch contractors was deemed too dangerous and it was supposed to have been sealed after the Ranbal War–
And then Claire realized.
If she was an assassin that used sealed militarized spirits–
"Don't tell me, you're the one who attacked the flying ship......kyaa!"
In that moment, a tentacle coming from the ground grasped Claire's foot.
The tentacle wrapped itself all the way around and lifted her into the air.
"......This damn thing, let me go......!"
She swung her Flametounge with all her might but it did nothing inside the water spirit.
Her opponent's spirit was the worst match-up for her fire spirit.
On top of that, this area weakened flame spirits because of its proximity to water.
Even if it was a high-class spirit like Scarlet, overcoming that was hard.
The tentacles entered into the gaps of her swimsuit.
Wrapping around her thigh, it was a terrible feeling.
"......Ah, n, wh-what are you doing, noo......!"
"Fufu, what a disgraceful appearance, onee-chan. But I'll let you enjoy it soon."
The girl approached Claire who couldn't move.
"......Why are you targeting me?"
"Because onee-chan has corrupted nii-sama."
"......Nii-sama?"
Claire had a realization. The one that came to her mind was–
"Could this be about Kamito?"
"Don't say nii-sama's name so lightly."
The water tentacle slapped Claire's cheek.
"Ku......"
"If I kill onee-chan, nii-sama will definitely wake up."
"Wh-What do you mean wake up! Kamito is Kamito!"
"Don't speak like you know what you're talking about."
A bone-chilling tone. Shivers ran down Claire's spine.
"Onee-chan, what do you even know about nii-sama?"
"Eh?"
At her words–
Claire widened her eyes.
(......That's right. I don't know anything about Kamito.)
For example, this girl who called Kamito nii-sama.
This girl probably knew.
Kamito's past that Claire didn't know.
She felt a pain in her heart. She didn't know why.
"Good bye, onee-chan."
The girl gave the command to kill what it had caught–
"......!?"
Then a blade line flashed.
"–Claire!"
The short sword pierced the ground.
The girl jumped and landed after turning in the air.
At the instant Scylla's power weakened, Scarlet returned to its hell cat form and destroyed the water tentacle. Kamito caught the released Claire with both arms.
"Ka-Kamito......"
"Claire, stand back."
Kamito placed Claire on the ground and turned to face the girl.
(I didn't think an elementalist would be here–)
He regretted not bringing Est along.
With the last exchange, he understood. His opponent was a skilled assassin.
The short sword disappeared. It was the product of the only spirit magic Kamito could use as the elementalist of a sword spirit – weapon production with Weapon Works.
(So that presence I felt at the lake was this person......)
Kamito looked at the girl. He couldn't see her face because of the hood.
The girl's lips lightly shook and opened.
"......Nii-sama."
At the same time, the water spirit reformed its tentacles and attacked again.
"Kahaa!"
He took a blow to the stomach.
Kamito flew and smacked into the muddy ground.
"Ouch......"
"Kamito!"
Claire ran up beside the collapsed Kamito.
"Why didn't you dodge it! You should've been able to."
Claire closed her mouth tightly......that's right, he couldn't dodge it.
"......You covered for me?"
"I can't allow a wound to touch a young lady's face."
Kamito wiped the blood from his mouth and shakily stood up.
Once again, the tentacles swung down like whips.
Kamito raised both arms and blocked. But no matter how strong he was, a human couldn't match up to a spirit.
A blunt attack. The sound of bones being crushed rang out.
"......Aguu!"
"Nii-sama, why are you interrupting me?"
The girl muttered this to the fallen Kamito in a sad tone.
"......Nii-sama?"
He was sure she had called him that at the start as well.
The encroaching girl. From beneath the hood, he spied ash grey hair blowing.
"You, don't tell me you're–"
Kamito's eyes widened.
The girl waved her hand and gave the order to attack–
"Freezing fangs, pierce – Freezing Arrow!"
In an instant, many ice arrows impaled the water spirit.
The water spirit instantly froze. Then–
"Now!"
"–Take this, Blazing Fireball!"
Claire's fireball scored a direct hit.
A fierce blaze.
The frozen water spirit shattered.
"Hmph, that was easy."
Wielding a magic bow, Rinslet swept her hair aside.
Though she was doing such a carefree action, her breathing was ragged from chasing Kamito.
"Rinslet, you're a life saver......"
Kamito stood as he groaned in pain.
Rinslet and Claire equipped their respective elemental waffen and faced the assassin girl.
"Aww, he got killed. It turns out like this if I don't use Jester's Vise."
Sticking out her tongue in a childish manner, she flipped her hood off.
"......!?"
Ash grey twintails. A lovely, youthful face.
Kamito stood shocked at the face that had hardly changed from four years ago.
"Muir......"
"Muir?"
Claire knit her brows.
"Muir, why......"
"Nii-sama, you've become very weak."
The girl sighed sadly and turned around.
"But don't worry, Muir will definitely wake you up."
Saying that, she disappeared into the forest–
"Stop–" "Right there!"
"Wait!"
Kamito stopped Rinslet and Claire who were about to pursue.
"Hey, why are you stopping us!"
"–You can't beat her."
The two gulped at Kamito's serious expression.
And so, the assassin girl completely disappeared.

"—Muir Alenstarl."
Kamito muttered that name as he lay on the bed in the dim room.
The number two of the Instructional School who had received the title "Monster."
(......Why is she here?)
He thought that they would never meet again after that day.
And yet they ended up meeting in such a terrible way.
Muir Alenstarl was an expert military elementalist.
What reason could that girl, an orphan from the Instructional School, have for coming here—
It was not like he couldn't guess. Just a few weeks prior, Kamito had fought with another orphan of the Instructional School, Jio Inzagi.
The one behind the incident that time—
(......Does she have a connection to Restia?)
His left hand under the leather glove ached.
At that time. A knock came from his room's door.
"......Yes?"
While pressing down on his hurting ribs, Kamito got off the bed.
"Who is it?"
He opened the door and—
"......Nyaa ♪"
A cute cat was there.
No, more accurately, it was somebody wearing cat ears on their head, the Empire's second princess.
"......"
"......"
"......Um. Fianna, what are you doing?"
Kamito asked, astonished.
"I-I have come to s-service my master-meow ♪"
"......"
The air froze.
"Jeez, wh-what are you making me say......"
"No, I don't really understand......"
Fianna cleared her throat and said,
"It is a healing ritual."
"Healing ritual?"
Kamito repeated like a parrot.
"Kamito-kun, you were hurt, right?"
"Yes, well......it's not anything serious."
"That's a lie."
Fianna poked Kamito's ribcage.
"Owwwwww!"
"Look at that. You can't fool me."
It was the injury he received when he was hit by Muir's water spirit.
He had been hiding it, but it appeared that the holy spirit user had seen through him.
"Come on, lie down on the bed."
"Owaa."
Fianna pulled on Kamito's hand.
Kamito was pushed onto the bed in that manner.
The feeling that had pushed on his chest made his heart throb unconsciously.
"I'm thankful for the healing but......why cat ears?"
"Fufu, this is a tool for the ritual......ah, a tool for the ritual-meow ♪"
Fianna quickly amended the end of her sentence.
"Liar! I think something's a little strange with that!"
That morning when she had packed her luggage, he was sure those cat ears had been there.
The other things included rope, a candle and a whip......she had packed them under the pretense of them being ritual equipment, but there was a lot that was fishy about it.
"Um, Kamito, you don't like this kind of thing?"
Fianna asked with a nervous expression.
"No, I don't d-dislike it......"
Kamito quickly shook his head.
Fianna with cat ears was definitely cute. Seriously cute.
About enough to make him want to pet her.
"......I'm glad. It was pretty embarrassing."
Fianna made an expression of relief and relaxed.
The captivating sound of rustling clothes. The breath coming from near his ear.
"......Fianna!? Y-Your ch-chest is pressing against me."
"Don't move. We have to be touching or there won't be an effect."
"I understand the theory but......"
Kamito gulped.
"......Nn, chuu......ahn."
The cute princess's lips and her fingertips glided over his bruised ribs. Her moist tongue running over his wound tickled.
"Fufu, Kamito-kun, does it feel good?"
"......!"
Even if asked in this kind of situation, there was no way he could honestly reply.
(......But it's definitely working. Fianna's ritual magic, that is.)
As expected of a former elite princess maiden of the Divine Ritual Institute.
Even though it wasn't her specialty, her ability in it was top-class.
Not just the wound but even his whole body's fatigue being removed could be felt.
Kamito stopped resisting and left his body in her care.
"......But I'm always surprised by it. Your regenerative ability, I mean."
"Yeah, it's a mystery to me, too."
He hadn't paid particular notice to it, but it appeared to be that way.
It seemed like it was thanks to the development of the divine power of an elementalist flowing within him.
But it was to an abnormal degree in Kamito's case.
"Isn't it because you've contracted with Est?"
"I also thought that at first......"
A contracted spirit's attributes affecting the contractor wasn't anything rare.
For example, Claire's ability to have her hair stand on end was because of this. Because of Est's attribute being metal as a sword spirit, his body may have become robust as a result.
"But it doesn't seem to be just that."
Fianna tilted her head.
The other possibility was a Cursed Armament Seal. Amongst the orphans at the Instructional School that received a Cursed Armament Seal, some possessed regenerative ability that far surpassed human limits.
However, of course, there was no Cursed Armament Seal on Kamito.
"Fianna's technique is good."
Kamito shrugged his shoulders while saying that and received a reply,
"It's the opposite."
"Opposite?"
"My holy attribute spirit magic is barely working on Kamito's body."
"What do you mean?"
"I don't know."
Fianna shook her head.
"Of course, it's not like it's totally ineffective — it's being repelled. That's why I have to be touching you like this."
Press.
"......Fianna!?"
"Look at that, your body is so stiff. Relax more."
Fianna smiled teasingly and gave his ear a playful bite.
"W-Wait, as expected this is......"
"Like I said, I wouldn't do this stuff with just anyone, you know?"
To Fianna who pressed her lips together while looking unsatisfied,
"Y-You should only do this kind of stuff to the person you l-like......"
She placed her hand on the shoulder strings of her dress-like uniform—
Dogooooon!
Suddenly the room's door exploded into smithereens.
"......!?"
Gogogogogogogogo......!
The one standing there---
It was Claire with a blazing Flametounge in hand.
"Hey, Kamito, wh-wh-wh-what are you doing?"
Kamito seriously prepared himself for death.
"Now, choose! The way you'd like to be roasted!"
"That's why I'm saying, that was a healing ritual!"
Five minutes later. Kamito was made to do seiza upon the dusty floor.
In front of him was Claire who was sounding her whip.
Her red twintails were standing on end......it seemed she was quite angry.
Claire looked down at Kamito with a cold gaze—
"Hmph, with cat ears? And pressed against a large chest in that ma-manner?"
"Guu......"
Kamito internally groaned.
......It was no good. Regardless of what he said, those cat ears took away all credibility.
"......Well, that's fine."
Said Claire, who shrugged her shoulders and sighed deeply.
"S-Since whatever you do with that erotic queen doesn't concern me."
"Then why are you angry......"
"Sh-Shut up!"
Because of Claire's glare, Kamito shut up.
......In any case, he was relieved.
Her mood was still bad — but it seemed like she would overlook the situation this time.
But the conversation didn't end there.
"Kamito."
She suddenly became really serious—
"I have something to ask you."
"......"
(......Well, I guess it's expected.)
He had made his resolve for this.
Or rather, he'd been thinking about it since a while ago.
"The girl who attacked me — you knew her, right?"
"Yeah."
"What did she mean by nii-sama? Who is she?"
"......"
Claire's suspicion was well-founded.
The assassin that had been aiming for her life was his former teammate and friend.
Being interrogated was natural.
"What's wrong? Why aren't you saying anything?"
Claire's voice had a tinge of irritation mixed in.
But Kamito averted his eyes from her and kept quiet.
(I......)
He felt that he should reveal his relationship with Muir Alenstarl. He knew that in his head.
But if he did that, he would also have to reveal that he was an escapee of the Instructional School.
His childhood when he had battle techniques necessary for an assassin hammered into him.
Something that he could never erase, that unpleasant past.
(If she knew the truth about me, Claire would—)
He might be scorned. Or possibly — he might be pitied.
At any rate, it would be different from now.
He was scared of that.
(My becoming weak might be because of this......)
He derided himself while avoiding Claire's gaze.
He wouldn't have even thought about this two months ago.
He didn't care how other people viewed him.
If he could get Restia back, then that was all he needed — that's what he thought.
"Claire, sorry......"
"......Why?"
Claire's voice was slightly wavering.
"Is it something you can't tell even me?"
"......"
"Could it be a past lover—"
"Like that's it."
Kamito retorted with half-closed eyes.
"Then why can't you say it?"
"—Can you not trust me if I don't tell you?"
A cold voice with slight irritation that even shocked himself.
He gasped and looked up at Claire who had her eyes wide open in shock.
"Th-That's not it. But—"
"But what?"
"......"
Claire's question was obvious.
He also understood that she was worried for his sake.
But — no, that was the reason, that's why he couldn't tell her.
"But......"
Claire chewed her lip.
"Because you won't talk about yourself at all."
"That's......"
"And it's not just this. Even about that darkness spirit girl—"
"The thing about Restia has nothing to do with Claire."
Kamito shook his head coldly. That showed his complete rejection of her question.
"......Is that so, I see."
Claire breathed out waveringly and—
Turning her back on Kamito, she left the room in silence.
"I'm the worst......"
Kamito muttered, sitting on the creaking bed.
He was regretting getting angry with Claire for no real reason.
That said, there was no way he could discuss his past with her.
(If she knew my past, she would......)
At that moment, Ellis and the others entered his room.
"Kamito, did something happen with Claire?"
Ellis surveyed the room.
"Yeah, just a little something......"
Feeling uncomfortable, Kamito shifted his gaze.
"You fought again?"
Rinslet sighed. Kamito nodded ambiguously.
"She really can't be helped. Well, she'll be back before the dance."
"Dance?"
"The opening ceremony's dance. Of course, Kamito will also be attending, right?"
Fianna asked.
"No, I'm fine."
"What did you say!?" "What!?" "Kamito-kun!"
When Kamito shook his head, the three cried out at the same time.
"Wh-Why?"
"......I don't like dances."
Kamito had a little trauma concerning the dance.
The Blade Dance he participated in three years ago as Ren Ashbell. Remembering all the dance invitations he received during that time gave him goosebumps even now.
Of course, he wasn't going to be dressed in girls' clothing this time around so there was no direct connection, but he still couldn't erase that feeling.
"That and I have no formal wear."
"They'll lend you formal wear if you ask."
"I said I wasn't going."
"Hmm, I wonder if that's a good idea?"
Fianna laughed lightly.
"......What do you mean?"
"The Blade Dance participants will be coming out at the dance, meaning that Ren Ashbell will also be attending."
"......!"
"Fufu, so what will you do?"
To the Fianna wearing a teasing smile, Kamito—
"......Okay then."
Grudgingly agreed to go.
(......The dance, huh.)
Claire would also wear a dress — that thought popped into his head.
"......I have to apologize."
Kamito got off the creaky bed.
"Kamito-san, where are you going?"
"To find a cat. It may have become lost."

"---What was that, stupid, stupid, stupid Kamito!"
With her hair standing on end, Claire ran through the castle's hallway.
She wiped the large tears forming in her eyes with her sleeve.
---Has nothing to do with Claire.
Those words replayed in Kamito's cold tone over and over in her head.
(I'm not trusted by Kamito......)
She became very sad when she thought that.
---Onee-chan, what do you even know about nii-sama?
That assassin girl had said that to Claire.
(That's right, I don't know anything about Kamito......)
Her heart hurt. The inside of her throat was painful.
What is this feeling, she wondered.
(......Why won't you tell me anything?)
She stopped running, wiped her tears and then trudged along.
The girls in dresses turned to look at her with puzzled expressions.
(......That's right, the dance is tonight.)
The truth is that she had been anticipating it since yesterday.
Along with the new swimsuit, she had also prepared a new dress.
(It, it's not like I'm wearing it for him or anything......)
Claire quickly removed the image of Kamito's face from her mind.
(But I wonder what kind of face he'd make if he saw me in my dress......)
While zoning out and thinking about that kind of thing, her face grew red.
(Wh-what am I thinking. I already don't care about that Ka-Kamito!)
While she was biting her lip.
Suddenly a heat wave came from below her as a hell cat clad in flames appeared.
"......What's wrong, Scarlet?"
Claire asked while leaning over.
"Do you want a snack? I have canned tuna at the room."
Scarlet shook its head.
And then she noticed the silver chain shaking in Scarlet's mouth.
"That's......"
A silver cat pendant.
The present that Kamito had bought for her birthday two weeks ago.
It looked like it had been taken out of the jewelry box where she had placed it.
"Wh-what is it, jeez......"
Claire took the pendant into her hand.
The first birthday present she had ever received from a boy.
She had been truly happy at that time.
"......"
She held the pendant to her chest like a treasure.
"......That's right. That back there was also partially my fault."
She sighed as she patted Scarlet's head.
(......I can only become honest when I'm not in front of him.)
"......Where did that Claire go?"
Kamito was traversing the maze-like castle in search of Claire.
......Rather, he was completely lost.
Whatever the case, the original structure was a completely strange design from the mythical age. With the repeated alterations over the course of several hundred years, the hallways stretched out in every other way to form a maze. All of the rooms looked the same, so it threw off one's sense of direction.
(......With this kind of thing, not getting lost would be strange.)
With the sun setting, the ceremony drew closer.
(I should return to my room. We might just miss each other, after all.)
And Kamito came to a halt.
In the middle of the hallway was a garden complete with a water fountain.
"Ohh, that's amazing......"
His gaze was drawn in by that beautiful sight.
Countless flowers were growing and small light spirits gathered there.
The water gushing from the fountain was filled with purity.
(This might be where princess maidens purify themselves.)
While thinking that, Kamito drew closer to the garden.
The light spirits floating in the air ran away like newborn spiders.
Near the water fountain were five stone sculptures.
The images of five Elemental Lords that controlled Astral Zero.
A warrior wielding a blazing sword --- Fire Elemental Lord, Volcanicus.
A boy with kind eyes --- Wind Elemental Lord, Belphal.
An iron mallet-wielding giant --- Earth Elemental Lord, Lode Gear.
A woman hugging a water jug to her chest --- Water Elemental Lord, Iseria Seaward.
An aged man with a scale and bishop's staff --- Holy Elemental Lord, Alexandros.
Those that bring prosperity or hardship to all of humanity, the kings of all spirits.
Of course, the spirits did not actually look like their sculptures.
The images here were simply representations of what people imagined their qualities to be when put in human form.
"These are also relics from the mythical age......"
They were magnificent sculptures. At the very least, they were not products of the last several hundred years. Kamito didn't possess much knowledge about historic ruins but he knew that much.
The stones used were not just normal stones either. Valuable spirit crystals had been used.
Getting close and looking,
"Hm?"
Kamito saw something out of place.
The five sculptures which copied the likeness of the Elemental Lords. Beside them was---
With nothing remaining above the knees, another sculpture was there.
That was something that was completely foreign to the garden.
(......Why is this thing here?)
The tragic appearance of the sculpture with only what was below its knees remaining. It hadn't been removed afterward, so it was obviously an important ancient legacy.
"......!?"
Just then. Something floated into Kamito's mind.
(The true shrine from the ancient age's true shrine......)
Along with the five Elemental Lords, there was one spot that was unnaturally missing something.
(Est whispered something back then......)
They had been in a hurry so he had missed it but......
"If I remember......"
"---The one erased in the following age, Darkness Elemental Lord, Ren Ashdoll."
Suddenly from behind came a voice---
Kamito immediately spun around.
A beautiful girl with black hair clad in a dress the color of darkness stood beside the water fountain.
She had a teasing smile. Gentle twilight pupils.
The one he'd been searching for --- the girl he always wanted to meet was right there.
"Restia......"
"For someone searching for a cat, you look like you've seen a ghost."
She smiled and walked towards him with light steps.
"......"
Kamito was frozen still. He simply stood with his eyes wide open.
The girl of darkness came before Kamito and stood on her tiptoes.
"You've really grown. Even though you were only about as tall as me back then."
"Restia, you......"
Kamito returned from the shock.
"Don't make such a scary face, Kamito."
"......!"
A gentle and sweet voice that lured one into sleep.
It hadn't changed. Not a single thing, not even that harshness from three years ago had changed.
The seal on his left hand heated up like it was burning.
(......Why are you making that kind of face!)
---Who are you?
---Why are you throwing my heart into chaos using Restia's form!
The truth is he really wanted to shout those things to the girl before him.
But---
Those accusations stuck in his throat.
......I know. She's the real Restia.
No matter what form she took, there was no way he could ever mistake her.
The girl who had been the first light for Kamito who had closed his heart.
She had stayed by his side and granted him warmth and peace.
But now---
"......"
Kamito strongly chewed his lip.
Three years ago, he thought that would never change.
He had no idea why she had changed like this.
Possibly, something had broken when she made her Wish.
(Three years ago, I---)
Just what was the wish requested of the Elemental Lords.
He had many things he wanted to ask.
And many things he needed to ask.
Kamito opened his mouth while still slightly lost.
"Restia......"
"Hm?"
The darkness spirit tilted her head in a lovely manner.
"That militarized spirit that attacked the flying ship, was it your doing?"
"Those were her orders. It wasn't me."
Restia replied with that and sat down on the broken sculpture.
With her feet together and resting her chin in her hands, she possessed the beauty of a fallen goddess.
"Is that referring to the fake Ren Ashbell?"
"She's not a replacement for you, Kamito."
Restia smiled gently.
Just like one would use when warning a young child.
"She is also a true Ren Ashbell."
"What do you mean?"
"I'm sorry, but I cannot reveal that to the current you."
Restia silently declined her head.
"......Why did you appear before me now?"
"To warn you."
"Warn me?"
"Your past is trying to destroy what you hold dear."
"My past......"
Kamito muttered---
"---The Instructional School's orphans, huh."
"Yes. Muir Alenstarl is ignoring her orders and rampaging on her own. Well, it seems like she is closing her eyes on the matter though."
"Why is Muir targeting us?"
"Isn't that obvious. Because her beloved onii-chan was taken from her."
"......"
Yes, Muir Alenstarl had not shown any signs that Kamito was her target.
If he was, there would be no way she would have overlooked him when he couldn't use his elemental waffe.
Claire was a superior elementalist. Rinslet and Ellis as well, and Fianna was contracted to a powerful knight spirit.
But even though they were elementalists, they were still normal girls.
They were high-class young ladies that were gentle, not honest, and liked black tea and sweet candies.
(But the orphans from the Instructional School are different---)
Like Kamito had been---
They were existences that had only been brought up with knowledge on how to wreak havoc and slaughter.
That was not blade dance for the sake of enjoyment --- it was only for war.
The world the noble young ladies from the academy lived in was completely different.
Even if they were Blade Dance representatives, there was not a chance they could win in a battle.
"---I won't allow that to happen."
Kamito gave a small groan.
Claire, Ellis, Fianna, Rinslet and Est---
"I will definitely protect my companions."
"I wonder if you can?"
Restia put her fingertip to her lips---
"The orphans from the Instructional School are like the past you. I don't think you can stop them when you had a hard battle against the likes of Jio Inzagi."
"It doesn't matter. I will protect them at the cost of my life."
"Hmm, I'm a little jealous."
"---That's why, I will protect you as well, Restia."
"......!?"
Restia's eyes widened.
Those twilight pupils finally showed unrest.
"---That part of you hasn't changed a bit."
She shrugged her shoulders and slowly stood.
She stepped in front of him and---
"I'm happy, Kamito."
Tiptoed and kissed Kamito.
"......!?"
Kamito froze for a few seconds.
The inside of his head had numbed and become pure white.
"......Mm."
Restia slowly parted lips with Kamito.
And she once again whispered into the ear of the dumbfounded Kamito.
"I'll be waiting, Kamito. For your awakening as the successor of the Demon King."
"Res......tia......?"
Kamito reached out but grabbed nothing but thin air.
The darkness spirit girl had turned into a black mist and disappeared from in front of Kamito.
"......"
Claire stood in the shadow of the hall leading to the garden.
She had discovered Kamito talking with the darkness spirit girl while searching for Kamito.
That darkness spirit girl was dangerous --- she had immediately summoned Scarlet but desisted from attacking when she saw him talking with her.
They were like two lovers that had been parted for a long time.
Like that, Claire had missed the timing to come out.
She couldn't hear the contents of their conversation well from the hallway.
If she wanted to, she might have been able to listen in, but learning about the past Kamito didn't want to discuss in this way felt like she was doing something underhanded.
Thinking like that, she ended up just watching.
She saw the two kiss.
"Ah---"
Splash.
Tears fell to the ground.
(No way, why are tears......)
She wiped her eyes with the sleeve of her uniform.
(Why, why am I......)
Why was this --- her chest hurt.
(......Kamito didn't hate it. He didn't resist at all.)
The overflowing tears wouldn't stop.
Claire ran from that spot and dashed down the hallway.

The floating island Ragna Ys' underground cave within the sacred grounds.
A place that no one but the Divine Ritual Institute's princess maidens were permitted to enter --- currently, there were two sets of footsteps resounding there.
One belonged to an orphan of the Instructional School, Lily Flame.
She read the reports to her master in front of her.
"Muir Alenstarl lost Death Gaze in the battle. The country's military executives are going to be angry."
"Let them. They're just a bunch of geezers that only think about how to protect themselves."
The listening party said so with a merciless tone.
The girl with long black hair that fell to her waist.
Donning a black overcoat with a crimson mask that looked like a fierce god covering her face.
Lily was not surprised in the least by her master's response. Their supposed allies, the Alphas Theocracy, were only another tool for her to accomplish her goal.
"But Cardinal, the supply of militarized spirits from now on---"
"Lily, I've taught you not to use that name here, haven't I?"
"I apologize. ---Ren Ashbell."
Lily shivered at her master's cold voice.
Footsteps resounded throughout the silent underground cave. The radiance of the spirit stone they were carrying reflected off the strange carvings in the wall. It was a mystery why this passage in the underground cave that even the Divine Ritual Institute's princess maidens were prohibited from was known to these two.
Possibly high-ranking princess maidens --- also those close to Queens could enter without it being strange.
"It seems that Restia has contacted him."
The crimson mask-wearing girl --- Ren Ashbell said.
"Yes. She ignored your order and---"
"That darkness spirit is not a subordinate but an equal in the organization. She has no obligation to listen to me."
"......Yes."
Lily chewed her lip, unsatisfied. It frustrated her that the pieces gathered to help her master were moving on their own.
The ones who had sworn an oath to Cardinal --- to Ren Ashbell, consisted of Lily alone. Her fellow orphan from the Instructional School thought of nothing other than Kazehaya Kamito and she had no idea what that darkness spirit girl was thinking.
"I will be meeting with him as well this evening."
"Will you be attending the dance?"
Lily asked in a slightly incredulous voice.
"Ren Ashbell was the winner of the previous Blade Dance. There is no way she could not attend."
"But the preparations for what to wear---"
"I have at least one dress. Though I left the majority to my little sister."
"You have a little sister?"
"......"
There was no response to that question.
Thinking she had upset her master, Lily quickly changed topics.
"Muir reported that he doesn't appear to have awakened yet."
"We already have no time to wait for it. If he can't withstand it, then that was his worth as a successor to the Demon King --- we'd just have to alter the plan."
"---That won't do. It's Muir's duty to awaken nii-sama."
Said a voice from within the darkness behind them.
The one who appeared was the girl with ash grey hair --- Muir Alenstarl.
"Muir, what did you do!?"
Lily raised a sharp voice.
"I just played around a little. With those onee-chans that are corrupting nii-sama."
"......Acting on your own! You used another militarized spirit without permission."
"Not anything important. Just the special-use militarized spirit Scylla. Though it was too weak and died. I wonder if I could use a better spirit next time."
"......!"
To the Muir who was puffing her cheeks, Lily responded by holding her head in her hands.
Even if it was Scylla, which wasn't a pure war class spirit, it was still a part of the theocracy's military strength. Those military executives wouldn't be happy if they heard about this.
"Listen here. That group at the theocracy won't be supplying us with militarized spirits until the Blade Dance really begins."
"Hmph, we've been acting docile well enough."
"It's because you ignored orders and lost Death Gaze."
"I just wanted to play with nii-sama."
Muir pouted her lips.
"Anyway, behave yourself until the real Blade Dance begins. Don't lay a hand on him until you receive orders---"
"Orders?"
Muir tilted her head in wonder.
And the light in her eyes disappeared.
"Hey, Lily, just who will order Muir?"
"---!?"
Shivers ran down Lily's spine.
Her entire body ran cold with fear. It was like someone was holding her heart in their hands.
"Hey, tell me---"
The spirit seal on Muir's right hand let out an ominous light---
"Muir Alenstarl."
Ren Ashbell called out to her.
"Yes?"
"You are an equal to me in the organization. Nobody will order you."
Muir laughed with a smile.
"It's fine if you understand. The only one that can order Muir is nii-sama."
With Muir's mood restored, Lily breathed a sigh of relief.
"But this is troubling. I can't play with the onee-chans without a militarized spirit."
"Then why not try using this --- Monster."
Ren Ashbell removed her ring and tossed it to Muir.
"This is?"
Muir looked at the ring curiously.
It was a plain silver ring. Thin characters from the spirit language were engraved onto its outer edge.
"The annihilation spirit Tiamat --- a spirit weapon that was created to fight the army of the ex-shadow Elemental Lord. It was customized by those of the Divine Ritual Institute. It can withstand your Jester's Vise well."
"......You're giving this to Muir?"
"Use it as you wish."
"I don't really understand why. Well, that's fine, I'll take it."
"Muir, militarized spirits aren't toys!"
"They are toys. At least to Muir."
She shrugged her shoulders at Lily---
And licked the ring that now adorned her middle finger.
"---Just a little longer, nii-sama. Muir will remove those meddlesome onee-chans."
While walking through the dark underground cave, Muir smiled to herself.
When she had been taken to the Instructional School, she was only four years old.
Born in a cold village on the borderline of the Empire, she was not of noble blood and yet possessed the ability to contract spirits.
The villagers rejoiced at having borne an elementalist and raised her dearly.
And then they brought her before the village's guardian spirit on her fourth birthday.
They wanted Muir to contract with the guardian spirit so the village would prosper.
But when she made the contract, the guardian spirit ran wild.
The flames that had protected the village now burned it down and the spirit also destroyed itself.
Muir's power --- she had the uncanny ability to drive a spirit mad.
After being cast away by her village, she was picked up by the instructional school---
There, she became a Monster.
Her heart was lost, a Cursed Armament Seal was engraved on her young body and she was taught nothing but slaughter techniques.
Because of her in-born ability, Muir could never connect with a contracted spirit.
Those days filled with only isolation and massacres slowly carved away her heart.
In the middle of those days --- she met with a boy that had been taken to the facility.
"You're always alone, huh."
"That's right. Muir is always alone. The only ones Muir talks with are those she kills."
"Then I'll become your friend."
"Hmph, how stupid. Talking about friends in this place."
"Then a brother. Muir is the younger sister."
"......What are you deciding on your own, idiot."
The first conversation she had with him. It was something he definitely didn't remember.
"---Nii-sama is Muir's only."
When she emerged from the underground cave, the sun had mostly set.
It was about the time the Blade Dance's ceremony would begin at the castle.
"That's why I won't forgive them. I will definitely get them, those attaching themselves to nii-sama."

It was evening. The Blade Dance ceremony began at the castle serving as lodging for the representatives.
There were already many guests of honor assembled that were having friendly conversations in the grand hall of the castle.
There was elegant music flowing about, and chandeliers that were arranged lavishly with spirit crystals as decoration.
Extravagant seafood, meat, and fruit were laid out on a table lined up in the center.
Those invited to the ceremony were elementalists representing various countries and high-ranking royalty and nobles.
“This time, my country’s representative will be getting the victory.”
“What? The most superb elementalist is in my White Knights, you know?”
Even though they behaved politely on the surface, they unfolded a fierce war of words. Dressed in a formal suit, Kamito glanced at those nobles with an expression of being completely fed up.
(…Geez, it’s not like you’re the ones doing the blade dance…)
On the other side, the girls participating in the Blade Dance had nervous expressions.
They were equally competent, top-notch elementalists selected by the major nations of the continent.
These girls were about the same age as Kamito, and that was because the condition to partake in the Blade Dance was set that princess maidens had to be 20 years old and younger, following the oracle by the Elemental Lords.
This wasn’t restricted to the Blade Dance. Most of the important ceremonies dedicated to the spirits had the same condition. Spirits liked young pure maidens as offerings the best.
“…Anyway, they are still not here, huh?”
Holding a plate of a sauté of duck meat, Kamito looked around his surroundings relentlessly.
He still couldn’t see his young lady teammates.
Perhaps, they might have come across difficulties in putting on their dresses—but what was in his mind was whether Claire, who he had quarreled with, was coming.
After all, he wouldn’t be able to meet up with her in the castle later.
Looking at the entrance of the hall, he caught sight of one princess maiden being caught in a spot.
“Please don’t bring your animal inside!”
“Um, it isn’t a beast! This wolf is a friend of the forest!”
“Even if it’s a friend, no means no!”
…It seemed like the Druid girl was leading a wolf into the hall.
Although she was from a different team, it was a little embarrassing as they were representing the same academy.
Sighing in resignation, Kamito cast his sight downwards.
“Est, do you want to get something?”
He asked the sword-spirit girl holding a plate.
“I’d like fish next, Kamito.”
“Hn, you’re a good girl for not being picky. All the young ladies have unbalanced diets.”
*Suri-suri* *Nade-Nade*
While he praised her, he stroked her head, and Est squinted.
Wearing a pure-white dress, Est was lovely, almost like a snow-fairy.
“…Est is cute.”
Stroking her head, he subconsciously let out his voice.
Est’s small ears twitched.
“Kamito?”
“Ah, it’s nothing…”
Kamito scratched his head in an attempt to dodge her question.
…That was a little embarrassing.
“Kamito, please say it once more.”
“Uh?”
“Once more.”
Est was gazing intently at Kamito with her mysterious eyes.
“E-Est is cute.”
“Kamito, once more.”
“You’re cute, Est.”
“More…”
“You’re cute, Est.”
“Kamito-kun, what are you doing?”
“Owa!”
Turning around—Fianna, dressed in a white dress, was staring at Kamito with reproachful eyes.
“Erm, that was, err…”
Upon trying to explain in a fluster—
“Before that, don’t you have anything to say?”
“Eh? A-Ahh…”
Even Kamito wasn’t such a quiet unsociable person to not notice that. No, as he didn’t notice until it was pointed out, he might indeed have been a quiet unsociable person.
Kamito gulped.
It was a white dress, with a big opening at her chest area. Despite the daring design showing off her skin, the reason he could feel a sense of graceful elegance was because she was a real princess.
“…W-White also suits you.”
“Is that all?”
Seeming peevish, the princess pouted her lips.
“…Erm, you’re using pads.”
“I’m going to get angry, you know?”
“Wa-Wait!”
Fianna puffed out her cheeks. Kamito shook his head in a fluster.
And then—
“…You’re really pretty.”
He finally put his honest thoughts into his mouth.
“Hn, you pass. Kamito, your suit also suits you well.”
“…Why you. You made me say embarrassing things in public.”
“Fufu, it’s a punishment for not praising me from the beginning.”
Kamito could only sigh at Fianna, who impishly smiled.
“Hn, that reminds me, where’s Est?”
Before he knew it, he noticed that Est had disappeared.
Looking around his surroundings, he saw Est moving towards the dessert corner while holding onto her plate.
Upon meeting Kamito’s eyes, she quickly turned her face away.
“It looked like you offended Miss Fairy.”
“Why is Est offended?”
“Fufu, you’re not allowed to praise another girl in front of a girl.”
Fianna morosely poked Kamito’s chest with her finger.
“Ka-Kamito-san, so here you are.”
This time, it was Rinslet, who came in a dress.
It was a striking marine-blue dress. Her glittering, platinum-blonde hair was tied up, and that appearance of hers was akin to that of a snow queen reigning over a country of ice.
Her cheeks were faintly flushed and reddened, and her lips had a glamorous, rosy color.
Her usual uniform appearance was indeed lovely, but—
This dressed-up Rinslet was so beautiful that he almost let out a sigh.
“Rinslet, you’re pretty.”
“Eh?”
Rinslet widely opened her eyes.
Her face turned red in the blink of an eye.
“Fua, wh-what are you saying?!”
The Ice-Snow Queen’s face melted in an instant.
“Hmm, Kamito-kun, you say these things to anyone, do you? As expected of the Demon King of the Night.”
“I only did as you advised, Fianna!”
Kamito glared with reproachful eyes at Fianna, who pouted her lips unhappily.
“That reminds me, is Claire with the two of you?”
“She returned to the room just now. Kamito-san, you have not met up with her, have you?”
“…Yeah.”
It seemed like when Kamito went to look for her, they passed each other.
“Geez, that girl, she has always been really troublesome.”
Rinslet puffed out her cheeks.
(…This means she’s still angry.)
Kamito made a heavy sigh in his mind. If she came to the dance, he’d even bear with her cooking later, or something— That was what he was thinking.
“…E-Erm, Kamito-san.”
“Uh?”
Rinslet bashfully called out to Kamito.
“Erm, since we’re here, err…”
*Cough* *cough* The young lady coughed several times.
Then, like she gained her determination—
“Would you like to dance with me?”
“…Me?”
Kamito was perplexed.
“…Is that not okay?”
“No, I’m happy that you invited me, but is it alright for it to be me?”
“Y-Yes, I’m a little afraid about dancing with the other men.”
“…I see. However, I only know the basic steps.”
Kamito was taught the dance steps by Greyworth three years ago.
Honestly, he couldn’t say he was confident, and they were certainly not in fashion now.
“I-In that case, I’ll teach you!”
However, Rinslet let out her voice happily.
“Hn, is that so? Rinslet, if you’re fine with it, then I’m counting on you.”
Kamito was also a boy of age.
To be able to dance with such a cute girl like Rinslet, his heart was honestly pounding.
He gently held Rinslet's graceful hand covered by a white glove.
“…Th-This is Kamito-san’s hand….”
Rinslet blushed.
“…H-How sly, me too.”
Then, Fianna grasped his other hand.
“H-Hey, Fianna!? We can’t dance like this…”
“That’s right! Quickly release his hand!”
Fianna and Rinslet were pulling Kamito’s hands.
Both of their breasts touched his arms and he was flustered.
…Before they knew it, the three of them were basked in the attention from their surroundings.
“I wonder what they’re doing?” “A fighting scene?” “They look like the representatives of the Areishia Spirit Academy.” “Don’t they even know the manners at a ball dance?” “That’s that male elementalist.” “Ah, that—” “Forcing unwilling girls to…” “To collect the two as his targets.” “He’s surely collecting his night targets as well.” “What infamy!” “But he’s kind of cool…”
Numerous whispers were being exchanged.
(Eh, why is the reproach only concentrated on me….)
Then—
“Y-You three! Don’t disrupt the public morals in the presence of the Elemental Lords!”
A gallant and serious voice came flying over.
“E-Ellis!?”
The one running over was Ellis in a dress.
Ellis pulled Kamito’s arm, and skillfully pulled him off the two young ladies.
“Kyaa, what are you doing?”
“Captain, what are you doing?!”
“No, what are you two doing, good grief…”
Placing her hand at her waist, Ellis strictly scolded the two who complained.
“We came here to represent our academy. You should be more self-aware.”
Then, she glared at Kamito this time.
“Kamito, you too—”
She became stiff at that point.
“What's wrong, Ellis?”
Thinking that he was going to have a sermon, Kamito was let down.
Ellis slightly blushed, and entwined her fingers bashfully in front of her chest.
“E-Erm, even a suit fits you, surprisingly. I guess that's what they mean by 'the clothes make the man'.”
“Is that so? I’m not really comfortable with suits, but—”
While bashfully scratching his head, Kamito looked at Ellis’ appearance in a dress.
What she was wearing was a brilliant pure-white dress. In contrast to Ellis’ gallant image, this was a very girlish dress arranged with plenty of frills.
“Ellis, yours suits you well too. It’s like you’re a princess and you look cute.”
“Wh…”
Her ponytail hair sprung up.
“Ah, uh… N-No way, m-me being cute…!”
Ellis turned red and got into a panic.
“Um, Kamito-kun!”
“Kamito-san?’
Fianna and Rinslet were glaring at him.
“Wh-What is it…”
“—It looks like the rumors are true, Kazehaya Kamito.”
“…?”
When Kamito turned to the voice of those biting words, a familiar girl was sharply staring at him.
“Y-You’re!?”
She had an azure dress with a dragon insignia at the chest area. She had put on a hat with a feather attached to it.
Leonora Lancaster.
As the captain of the Knights of the Dragon Emperor, she was the ace of Dracunia.
“As I thought, I should have cut it off at that time.”
While Leonora glared at Kamito, she regretfully bit her lips.
A chill ran in Kamito’s spine.
“Dragon Princess Leonora Lancaster, I’ve been hearing rumors about you lately.”
Suddenly, Ellis placed her hand at her chest, faced her, and paid her respect as a knight.
“And you are?”
“Areishia Spirit Academy representative, Ellis Fahrengart.”
“The Fahrengarts—The one that turned out that Velsaria Eva?”
Ellis lifted her head and nodded.
“This time, Aneue isn’t participating due to some circumstances, but I’ve heard that you’re a pure and selfless knight. I’m pleased to be able to cross swords with a knight like you.”
She faced Leonora and reached out her dominant hand.
“It seems like splendid knights exist even in the empire.”
Leonora smiled, and grasped her hand without hesitation.
With both being fellow knights, they may have some things over which they can empathize with each other.
(…Certainly, those two are like glue.)
Kamito made a wry smile in his heart.
“However, that’s just regrettable. A splendid knight like yourself is being kept as Kazehaya Kamito’s lover—”
“Hey, wait a moment.”
Kamito shouted in a fluster.
(S-She, what did she—)
“Ah, lover!?”
Ellis turned red all the way till her ears and shouted.
“H-How shameless… I-I’m his lover—”
“That’s right, Ellis. Deny it please!”
“I’m… not his lover… but if Kamito wished for it, I’ll even…”
…Eh? Why is she mumbling?
“…What a frightening boy. You even corrupted such a splendid knight.”
“I’m saying that’s not it! Ellis, please quickly clear up this misunderstanding!”
“…S-Shut up! A-Are you not satisfied with me being your lover?!”
“What are you saying!?”
Kamito retorted, and at that time.
A small commotion was occurring at the entrance of the hall.
“That girl finally came.”
Rinslet muttered.
Kamito quickly looked towards the entrance.
The one at the center of the commotion was—
“Claire!?”
Claire Rouge, who was dressed in a crimson dress.
Her red twintail hair was tied up with ribbons. She was wearing polished enamel red high heels.
Pinching the side of her skirt with laces attached, she entered the hall.
Her breasts were small but her balanced proportion was plenty charming.
She was a beautiful girl, pretty as a rose and noble as a wildcat.
Claire’s appearance made Kamito fascinated to the point of taking his breath away.
She had such brilliantness that she overshadowed the surrounding girls that were dressed-up.
She didn’t just fascinate Kamito. Everyone in the hall leaked out a breath of admiration.
“As expected of Rubia-sama’s sister. She was born a beauty.”
It was vexing but she lost— Fianna shrugged her shoulders.
“It’s really been a while since I’ve seen Claire in a dress.”
Rinslet slightly opened her mouth.
The commotion at the hall increasingly became bigger.
“Hey, is that red haired girl also a representative of the Blade Dance.”
“Um, so this is what they mean by spirits liking pure and beautiful girls, indeed—”
“Hey, aren’t you going to invite someone to a dance?”
It seemed like a group of young nobles were setting their eyes on Claire.
All the whispers being exchanged made Kamito slightly irritated.
(…You guys aren’t fit to be that young hell cat lady's partner.)
He cursed in his heart as if to spit out the irritation of unknown origin.
At that moment, Claire looked over, and their eyes met.
“Claire—”
As he was about to call out to her—
She instantly looked away, so he swallowed his words.
…It seemed like she was still angry.
Losing the timing to call out to her, Kamito stood still.
Claire ignored the nobles ogling her, and walked towards the center.
He began to hear such voices from within the commotion over there.
“That that conflagration-like red hair… Don’t tell me, she’s the daughter of that Duke Elstein family?”
“The sister of the Calamity Queen that brought about disaster to the Ordesia Empire?”
“…What an ill omen. She’s a devilish girl.”
It seemed like there were people who knew Claire’s lineage among the participants of the ball.
Whispers of unrest were spreading like wild fire—
It was not that she couldn’t hear them, however, Claire stayed composed.
Then, a young noble stepped forward before her.
“Would you like to dance a tune with me, my fire-haired lady?”
His atmosphere seemed frivolous but he was quite a handsome man.
He seemed to be an especially high-ranking person even among the nobles, as he led a group of followers in his surroundings.
“Hey, hey, are you serious?”
“Young master, I’m also worried about you playing with fire.”
His companions made a bitter smile. The boy seemed to be a royalty of some country.
“Why he…”
Kamito groaned from within his throat.
He couldn’t see the sincerity of a person asking for a dance in the boy’s expression. It was just that he knew about Claire being that Calamity Queen’s sister, and called out to her out of interest.
Claire—
“I’m sorry, but I’ll have to decline.”
She coldly declined the boy’s invitation.
It was natural. That hell cat girl wouldn’t even be emotionally attached to anyone.
“What was that?”
One of the followers looked daunted.
“Well, well, it’s fine to have such strong-willed girls once in a while.”
The boy nodded, full of composure, and forcibly grabbed Claire’s arm.
And then—
“Now, beautiful girl, I’ll give your hand a kiss—”
“…Huh?”
Claire stiffened.
(What are you thinking, you stupid noble!?)
As an elementalist princess maiden, a kiss is the most sacred ceremony of a spirit contract.
Even if it was on the hand, it was unforgivable to thoughtlessly request for that.
With such a rude action of his, the sound of commotion occurred even from the surrounding.
“…Don’t touch me!”
Claire sharply shouted.
Normally, she’d act tough, but the truth was that she was a young lady who wasn’t used to men. Her voice slightly trembled.
Being unable to watch on, Kamito was about to leave, and at that moment—
“What do you think you’re doing putting on airs. I’m the crown prince of the Balstan Kingdom.”
“No, let go! You—”
*Pan*— A high pitched sound resound in the hall.
Claire slapped the boy.
She then turned to and ran towards the entrance of the hall.
“Damn her, my face—”
“What uncivilized…”
“It’s because she’s the sister of that Calamity Queen.”
The crown prince of the Balstan and his followers raised words of criticism.
(… You should be just grateful that you didn’t turn into cinders!)
Kamito cursed and then he ran after Claire—
“Wait, Claire!”
“Kamito-san!”
Then, Rinslet grabbed his arm.
“Rinslet, why did you stop me?!”
“I’ll go.”
“But—”
“Kamito-san, if you, who are in the middle of a quarrel, go, it’ll just make things complicated. After all, I’m her childhood friend, so I understand that girl.”
“…”
Kamito thought for a few seconds—
“…I understand. I’ll entrust Claire to you.”
He obediently nodded.
Rinslet went running after Claire.
“Kamito-kun”
At this moment, Fianna perceptively whispered into his ear.
“What?”
“She’s here—”
“She?”
Kamito was shocked.
A commotion, which was way greater than the one just now, was occurring near the entrance of the hall.
The person of the highest profile in this round’s Blade Dance had appeared.
Sounds of hard shoes sounded, and she entered.
She was in a jet-black dress like a queen ruling over the night.
She was a black haired girl with her face covered by a scarlet red mask.
She was the strongest blade dancer—Ren Ashbell.

(That's the other Ren Ashbell—)
The girl clad in pure black gave off an overwhelming pressure.
Approaching carelessly would result in becoming ashes — this impression was felt.
Once the commotion settled, a painful silence descended.
"......"
Everyone gulped as they watched her.
Like with Claire, nobody approached her.
A chill ran down Kamito's spine.
(......I, can I win against her?)
Before he realized it, the flowing music had stopped.
The strongest blade dancer stopped in the middle of the hall—
And turned and walked towards him.
"......!?"
"Kamito-kun." "Kamito."
Fianna had unconsciously grabbed Kamito's sleeve. Even Ellis who should have Ren Ashbell as her goal was cowering.
"......"
Kamito moved before them in a protective manner.
Ren Ashbell stopped just before Kamito.
"—So you are Kazehaya Kamito, huh."
A voice akin to solid steel.
"Yeah."
Kamito nodded.
"Nice to meet you — I wonder if that's appropriate? Ren Ashbell."
Licking his lips cynically, he glared at the red mask.
However, he could not read any sort of emotion from the red eyes within.
And she held out her right hand.
"......?"
To the puzzled Kamito —
"Kazehaya Kamito, would you dance with me for one song?"
She suggested something unexpected.
(......No, this isn't a suggestion. It's an order.)
Her tone was peaceful, but a refusal — it held a power that wouldn't allow that.
Kamito turned towards Ellis and Fianna and—
"Sorry, won't you let me go for a little while?"
"B-But, Kamito—"
"......Okay. Ellis, let's go."
With that, Fianna grabbed Ellis' hand. She knew Kamito's identity as the real Ren Ashbell. The wise princess had understood the situation.
"Do you have experience in dancing?"
"If it's classical, yeah."
Kamito replied sharply and took Ren Ashbell's hand.
The paused musical performance started up again.
In the dark forest surrounding the castle, Claire ran.
Various tree branches grabbed at the crimson dress, tearing it apart.
Mud stuck to her red high heels. Countless wounds appeared on her smooth skin.
Without minding any of that, she ran.
(Why......)
No matter how long passed, that scene would not leave her head.
When that darkness spirit girl kissed Kamito, that moment.
(......I-It's not like I think anything of him!)
As if to shake off that irritating feeling, Claire shook her head.
It was just that ignoring his master and doing that kind of thing with another girl was unforgivable.
(......That's right, that's all it is.)
But—
Why then, did her heart hurt this much?
Just before, holding that man's hand, she had hated it.
If it was Kamito, he wouldn't do anything that violent.
He teased Claire a lot, always treating her like a kid, occasionally saying mean things, but still.
—But still, he would never do something like that.
Before she realized it, she had arrived at the lake from the afternoon's purification.
Inside the silent forest. Numerous spirits floated upon the lake.
Claire hugged her knees and sat at the lake's edge.
The dress she had prepared was filthy and either way she couldn't return to the dance.
Her hair was disheveled and her dress was ruined beyond repair.
"What's with him, that idiot......"
With a terribly miserable mood, Claire sighed.
With a light plop, tears started falling to the ground.
"......That's wrong. The stupid one is me."
She couldn't be honest once again.
If she had, she could be dancing with Kamito right now—
At that time. From with the forest, footsteps could be heard.
"......Kamito?"
She hurriedly wiped away her tears.
But the one that appeared from within the forest wasn't Kamito.
"Jeez, just how far are you going to run!"
"Rinslet......"
Claire opened her eyes.
Catching her breath, Rinslet sunk down beside Claire.
"Whew, that's a fairly unsightly appearance."
"You too."
"Th-That's because you ran so far!"
Rinslet's dress was torn to shreds and leaves and branches clung to her hair.
"Even though I had just put on a new dress......"
She drooped her shoulders.
Claire averted her eyes.
"......What did you come for?"
"I came to laugh at your pitiful chest. Your dress is too showy."
"......Wh-What did you say!"
Her red twintails stood on end like fire.
Rinslet moved her hair up and—
"You've finally returned to normal."
Smiled brilliantly.
"......"
"Did you fight with Kamito-san again?"
"Gu......"
Claire chewed on her lip.
"......It, it's his fault. He won't tell me anything."
"What do you mean?"
"I mean, that is......aren't you interested in Kamito's past?"
"Kamito-san's past?"
Rinslet tilted her head slight to the side—
"Well, it would be a lie to say I wasn't."
"I wonder if he doesn't trust me."
Claire's twintails drooped.
"Why do you say that?"
"Because he won't tell me anything......"
"He can't bring himself to tell you because you're important to him — that is also a possibility."
"That's......"
Claire pouted and pondered.
"......I, I wonder if that's true."
Truly, there was also that way of interpreting it.
But—
"You are such a child, really."
"Sh-Shut up......"
Claire groaned.
"Even I understand that much......"
But she was uneasy, so it couldn't be helped.
If it was about someone she didn't care about, she wouldn't have these feelings.
Because it was Kamito — not talking about his past,
Realizing it just now, her heart beat.
(Wh-What kind of stupid things are you thinking, me!)
Her cheeks flushed red.
"Claire, what's wrong?"
"It, it's nothing!"
Claire shook her head from side to side.
And then.
"—Hmm, so you two are here."
From within the forest, a young girl's voice.
"That voice......!"
Claire and Rinslet immediately became guarded.
The sound of trees falling one by one, and then—
"Just perfect, I'll play with you to the end."
In front of the two, a giant black monster appeared.
Riding upon its back was a girl with ash grey hair — Muir Alenstarl was laughing lightly.
"With this annihilation spirit — Tiamat."
The elegantly played waltz.
The two dancing in the center of the hall were drawing attention from around them.
With Ren Ashbell leading, the dance was intense like a burning flame.
Just like it was when a princess maiden was performing an offering ritual, a true ceremonial dance.
With those fluid movements, Kamito was just barely keeping pace.
"Pretty good movements. As expected of a blade dance master."
"Is that sarcasm? Strongest Blade Dancer—Ren Ashbell."
To the whisper from the scarlet mask, Kamito replied as such.
Ren Ashbell quickly shifted her feet. Kamito followed her lead and pulled her towards himself. They turned like a flickering flame. Both left their bodies to the music.
Their dancing was already one without splendor.
It was already a fierce blade dance.
"I have various questions I'd like to ask you."
"Impatient, aren't you? Despite that I'd like to enjoy this dance with you a little longer."
"Sorry. I'll have you let me lead from here."
Kamito pulled Ren Ashbell's hand and led her to a terrace devoid of others.
The cool night air cooled their burning skin.
Because of its large size, the terrace felt like a floating island with a clear view of the entire forest.
"Let's cut all the bothersome strategy. I'll get straight to the point."
Kamito stopped dancing and separated from her.
He glared at the scarlet mask — and asked.
"What did you do to Restia?"
"What did you do, meaning?"
"Don't mess around. I know that you command Restia."
"I am not commanding her. She is my comrade."
"You're saying Restia is helping you of her own will?"
"That's right, I am using her and she is using me."
"......"
Kamito bit his lips closed.
(I can't accept that, but—)
There was certainly credibility in it.
It really did seem that Restia was moving without being ordered to. Warning Kamito about Muir was probably done of her own will too.
"What is your purpose in gathering the militarized spirits and orphans from the Instructional School?"
"For war."
And she replied immediately.
"......War?"
Kamito was speechless.
But thinking about it, it wasn't an unexpected reply.
Militarized spirits and Instructional School orphans — either one were useless for anything other than war.
"That's right. Power is necessary for fighting them."
"Them?"
"This world's kings."
"Wha—"
(Fighting with the world's kings......she says?)
Kamito could not understand that objective. Was it for the purpose of restarting the Ranbal War which had involved every country—
"What is the reason for that? To destroy the world?"
"No. It is a war to save this world."
"What are you say—"
"But to begin the war, a starting point is needed."
Ren Ashbell grabbed Kamito by the scruff of the neck and pulled him closer.
"......!?"
"I'll have you allow me to test it, Successor of the Demon King—Ren Ashbell. Whether you have the qualifications to kill them."
Instantly, her right hand pierced Kamito's chest.
That was — covered with countless blade-like scales, a many-headed evil spirit dragon.
The black giant far eclipsed Leonora Lancaster's dragon spirit Nidhogg.
Its spread wings hid the moon and its claws gouged the earth.
Five heads spread from the center of its torso and each acted on its own.
"......Tiamat?"
In the face of the rising oppressive force, Claire took a breath.
No mistaking it. What was before them was a first-class militarized spirit.
An existence not unlike Velsaria's Dreadnought they had fought two weeks prior.
The girl riding on its back laughed lightly and smiled and—
"—Kill them, Tiamat."
With an innocent voice, that order was given.
"......!?"
One of the heads breathed fire.
Goooooooo!
The flames spread across the ground and in an instant the surrounding forest had burned down.
Claire and Rinslet had reacted instantaneously, jumping straight into the lake.
The night sky was dyed red with the color of the flames.
Muir Alenstarl was clapping her hands.
"Ohh, not bad. You're not blade dancers for nothing."
"You......!"
Claire broke the surface of the water and glared at Muir.
The scarlet dress was soaked and clung to her skin.
"......Claire, help......cough, cough......"
"You, what are you doing!?"
"I-I can't swim!"
"Hah?"
Rinslet flapped and choked. Claire quickly helped her out.
"How are you drowning in a place where you can stand?"
"Sh-Shut up!"
Rinslet averted her face.
"......Why are you attacking us?"
"Because you onee-sans have made nii-sama weak."
Muir replied in a cold voice.
One of Tiamat's heads with a crooked neck rose up and let loose blades of wind.
"......Scarlet!"
Claire called out and summoned a hell cat clad in crimson flames.
But, it was impossible to shoot down every blade.
"......Ow!"
The scarlet dress was shredded and blood flew from her shoulder like mist.
Many wounds opened across her pure white skin.
"Fufu, your prepared dress has become worthless."
Like a cat playing with its prey, Muir licked her lips.
"Hmph, it was just slowing me down."
Claire gave a fearless smile and tore the hem of her dress.
From the tear, one could see a leather whip strapped to her thigh.
"Like I thought, rather than a dance, a blade dance is much more suited to me."
From within the dancing flames, Claire's whip let out a sound.
"What a coincidence. Me, too."
Rinslet emerged from the water, ripped the hem of her dress and summoned her demon ice spirit Fenrir.
The ice wolf changed forms to the Ice Longbow and moved to Rinslet's hand.
Noisily, a wall of fire erupted into the night sky.
With their respective elemental waffen in hand, the two confronted the giant spirit dragon.
"Stupid onee-chans. You think you can defeat Muir?"
Tiamat let out a roar that seemed to slice the atmosphere.
No, it wasn't a roar. This was—
(No way, a spirit magic chant!?)
A small portion of high-intelligence spirits could perform spirit magic on their own. The dragon race of spirits in particular was known for its proficiency at spirit magic.
The ground shook greatly.
Trees were uprooted and the ground split, sending many stones flying—
"Earth spirit magic Judgement Sword!?"
"What insane destructive power!"
"You can't run, onee-chan."
"......!?"
The red dragon head spit out a fireball.
The stones released by the fireball's explosion on the ground turned the trees into smithereens.
"Kyaaa!"
They were thrown to the ground by the aftershock.
It was the same magic, but the destructive force was incomparable to Claire's.
"Ku......!"
"Aha, what happened to all that attitude from before, onee-chan?"
"Freezing fang, pierce —Freezing Arrow!"
Instantly, Rinslet released the ice arrow.
Innumerable flying fangs of ice. It wouldn't be a killing blow, but with the added effect of Ice Nein, it should at least dull its movements.
But before they struck — Tiamat roared.
A wall of earth rose and blocked the arrows of ice.
"Wh-What! To be able to use fire and earth spirit magic at the same time—"
"......That reminds me that a long time ago, I heard this from ane-sama."
Claire sighed as she wiped the sweat from her brow.
"During the Ranbal War, amongst the knights there was a spirit that could control all of the main elements at once."
"And that is Tiamat?"
"Possibly. But I heard that nobody could use it, so it was abandoned."
"......If that's true, this is bad."
"Yes."
The spirit that could control all of the five main elements—
If it were just Rinslet's demon ice spirit and Claire's flame spirit, there were weak points.
"But to use a spirit like that with just one person—"
Claire readied her Flametounge and glared at Muir.
Compared to the spirits that contracted with a person, militarized spirits did not require a contract to be used.
Its strong-point was that it was general use — the ability of the spirit had no connection to the ability of the contractor, so as long as the disposition was correct, they could use the spirit's power. This was the reason Muir Alenstarl could use several spirits.
But on the other hand, one could not pull out any more power than was present.
For example, the spirit's elemental waffe could not be used, and much of its true abilities were sealed.
But that girl was pulling out all of the militarized spirit's power.
Muir Alenstarl was an expert that specialized at using spirits.
(But just where did she learn those skills—)
"It's about time to stop playing around. Onee-chan."
And Muir's ash grey hair blew in the wind.
"......You were playing until now?"
"That's right, onee-chan."
Rolling up her black sleeve revealed a shining ominous design carved into her right hand.
"Is that a Cursed Armament Seal!?"
"That which pulls out a spirit's powers to the limit — Jester's Vise. This is Muir's power."
In an instant, Tiamat fiercely roared.
Its five heads raged and its body grew larger in an unsightly manner.
It was as if an invisible vise was closing down on it.
"Just what is that!"
One of the heads, a dull white, opened its jaw.
In its throat, a mass of light was building up—
"......Kami—"
That name that almost escaped her mouth — Claire swallowed it back.
(At this kind of time, just asking to be saved is......)
She made her resolve to die at this time.
Then before her eyes appeared a knight with helmet and shield.
White metal shining, the knight readied its shield and blocked the light!
"Claire, are you okay!?"
"Fianna!"
Fianna came out of the forest.
The one that protected Claire was Georgios.
And one other person.
"Growl, Ray Hawk! I order you — O wind, blow wildly!"
Wrapped in a frenzied wind, Ellis threw her elemental waffe spear.
The multitude of wind blades cut into the evil dragon's torso.
Tiamat raged as its blood sprayed into the air.
"Fianna, Ellis — you're a life saver."
"It's still too early for thanks."
Ellis sighed with a sharp gaze.
"Fufu, you've only bought a short time."
Letting the Cursed Armament Seal shine ominously—
Muir Alenstarl licked her lips.
"Onee-chans, I'll kill you all together."
"Kaha......!"
Kamito pressed down on his chest and crouched down on the terrace.
His heart burned like it was on fire. All of his blood was boiling.
At the same time, a tremendous pain assaulted the interior of his body.
"What did you do to me......?"
"I merely released a little. The qualities of the Demon King that sleep within you, that is."
"......Qualities of the Demon King?"
Kamito glared up at the crimson mask while crouching on the ground.
Breathing was painful. His heart was beating like mad.
"Ah......guu......gaa, ahhhhhh!"
A scream built up in his throat.
"As expected, your body is rejecting it."
Ren Ashbell was calmly watching the writhing Kamito.
"Well, fine. If you can't stand that much, then you were only worth so little—"
"Y-You......"
"Stand. Kazehaya Kamito."
She kicked the groaning Kamito in the stomach without a shred of mercy.
"Ga......!"
"You can lie there if you want, but things you hold precious will be hurt."
"What, was that......?"
While breathing through his throat which felt like it was on fire, Kamito somehow managed to raise his upper body.
"Look there—"
Ren Ashbell pointed out towards the forest visible from the terrace.
The direction of the lake from that afternoon. Black flames and fierce flames were rising.
"Your companions and Muir Alenstarl are currently engaged in combat."
"What, did you say......!?"
At the same moment he yelled that, the worst pain thus far assaulted Kamito. He collapsed onto the ground.
"Your companions cannot defeat Muir Alenstarl. You, who knows her, know that fact best."
"......!"
He couldn't deny it.
Muir Alenstarl was the Monster from the Instructional School.
Between the high-class young ladies of the academy and Muir who had been trained specifically as a weapon, there was an enormous gap.
"I won't let that......I will never, lose another......!"
Kamito pressed down on his beating chest and staggered back to his feet.
The interior of the crimson mask — burning red eyes pierced through Kamito's.
And then she grabbed his arm.
"That's the spirit. Don't let me down, strongest blade dancer!"
Kamito was flung off the terrace.
"—Blow the flute of the end, dragon vanguard of the king!"
Muir Alenstarl's innocent voice resounded across the night sky.
Fire, earth, water, wind, holy — under the influence of Muir's ability Jester's Vise, each head released forth their breath.
"—Thou, become the shield of my person, knight of the ancient pledge!"
The atmosphere shook and trees were felled in circular patterns.
The knight's shield was destroyed and its armor was falling apart—
It could only withstand a few more seconds.
The knight, whom should-be overwhelming in defense, was blown into bits and disappeared into nothingness.
"......Georgios!"
"Aha, that wasn't even a toy, onee-chan."
Muir sneered at the devastated and drained Fianna.
"Ellis, Rinslet — we rush at the same time!"
"Got it!" "Understood!"
Yelling, Claire drew Flametounge.
The crimson slash sealed its movements for a moment.
"Freezing fang, pierce —Freezing Arrow!"
"—O wind, blow wildly!"
Rinslet released the Freezing Arrow towards the fire head and Ellis' wind blades aimed for the earth head.
That is, they aimed for the heads which were weak against their element.
However—
"It won't work."
The earth and wind dragons chanted different spirit spells.
At the same time the ice arrows were blocked by the wall of earth, the blades of wind were struck down by opposing blades of wind.
And while the three were on defense, the dull white head fired its Holy Ray.
The ground exploded and a pillar of earth and sand flew up from it.
Claire and the others were blasted though the air and hit the ground harshly.
The crater radiated outwards. The mixed-in fragments of fire painted the air red.
"......To be able to control a militarized spirit like her hands and feet......"
Claire groaned while gripping the ground.
It was a despairing difference in battle strength. The top class' spirits at the academy were like babies in comparison.
(But......)
Suddenly, the scales cracked and Tiamat's frame grew.
Muir's Jester's Vise carried a heavy burden.
"Is that okay? At this rate, that militarized spirit will be destroyed!"
The heavily wounded Rinslet yelled as such.
Muir shrugged her shoulders—
"It's fine. A spirit is just a throwaway toy."
"What did you say......!"
Claire opened her eyes in shock. She raised her bloody head without thinking.
"And you still call yourself an elementalist?"
"Muir is a weapon. The same as this Tiamat and nii-sama, a massacre weapon."
"......!?"
At those words — Claire's expression froze.
"You......what did you just say?"
"What?"
"The same as nii-sama, what do you mean?"
"Aha, did you perhaps not know?"
Muir's lips curled in a cruel manner.
"Nii-sama is the same as Muir — an assassin raised by the Instructional School."
"......Damn......it......"
Kamito who had been tossed off the terrace groaned in anguish.
One or two bones might have been broken.
This was the Kamito who had received the harshest taijutsu training at the Instructional School. Even if he fell from the third floor of a building, it wouldn't result in an injury. But right now, Kamito's body was burning up and in extreme pain such that he couldn't even lift a finger.
(......What exactly was done to me?)
Within his hazy mind, Ren Ashbell's words came to him.
Released the qualities of the Demon King — that's what she said.
(......What does that mean?)
No, rather than that, right now—
Kamito dug his shaking fingertips into the ground.
The flames burning the forest were increasing in intensity more and more.
While this was happening, Claire and the others—
It was frustrating not being able to move. It couldn't be helped that it felt like the air was burning.
Even now, elegant music could be heard coming from the interior of the castle.
Despite the battle going on at the purification grounds, nobody inside the castle seemed to have noticed.
No, even Kamito who had been on the terrace had failed to hear the battle. There might have been a barrier around the surroundings.
(But to form a barrier of this magnitude......)
The only ones capable of such a feat were Queen rank princess maidens.
"Gu, ah......"
A racing heartbeat.
At the same time a horrible pain spread.
"—Kamito!"
"......!?"
The sound of footsteps approached and the one who appeared was the white dress-clad Est.
"My apologies. Because of somebody's barrier around this area, I didn't notice it sooner."
"Est, gu......"
"Kamito......don't tell me, that power—"
Est opened her mysterious violet eyes.
Leaning down beside the fallen Kamito, she pulled him back up.
Her white-silver hair lightly touched his cheek. The sweet milk-like scent tickled his nose.
"......Est?"
"Kamito, please stay still like that."
With that, Est touched the feverish chest of Kamito.
Her beautiful hair gleamed in the night's darkness.
Strangely, the pain seemed to leave with the soft feeling of her hand.
"Is this Terminus Est's power?"
"Yes. I believe this will keep it in check for now but—"
That which destroyed Velsaria's Cursed Armament Seal, a holy blade's power.
It was not as though the pain completely disappeared, but he could somehow move about at this level.
"Kamito, are you okay?"
"Yeah, thanks to Est......"
Kamito raised his upper body and rose to his knees on the ground.
"Kamito, you still shouldn't move."
"I have to go save Claire and the others."
"No, Kamito!"
Est let out a panicked voice. It was the first time for her who was always expressionless to express so much.
"Est......"
"The curse is only temporarily suppressed so if you use divine power right now, you won't be able to control my current power."
"......Yeah, I know."
But, even then—
An instant. From the other side of the forest, a fearsome roar resounded.
As if to burn the night sky, the giant's flames grew higher.
"Est, I'm begging you. The only one who can fight Muir is me."
"Kamito, but......"
"Lend me your power."
"......"
Even if he could not get her approval, he planned to head there anyway.
"......Kamito, you're unfair."
Est—
Sighed and held Kamito's hand.
"—I am Kamito's sword, as long as you wish."
"Thanks Est."
Kamito nodded and chanted the words of summoning.
"—Dispassionate Queen of Steel, the sacred sword that destroys evil!"
"—Now form a sword of steel and be the power in my hand!"
Est's form was covered in light and disappeared into nothingness.
And in the next moment, a blade of shining silver emitting light was gripped in Kamito's hand.
"Let's go, Est!"
Fixing his grip on Terminus Est, Kamito ran into the darkness of the night.
To bring closure to his past.

Inside the forest crackling from the fire—
"......Kamito is an assassin trained at the Instructional School?"
Claire muttered that, dumbfounded.
Ellis, Fianna and Rinslet all exchanged glances while collapsed on the ground.
Instructional School — if one were to ask the empire's people, there would be no one who had not heard that name.
Four years ago. At the same time as the Calamity Queen's rebellion, the empire's dark side was revealed.
In the intercontinental regions, orphans that appeared to possess the right disposition were gathered and trained as assassins by a gathering of fanatics.
"That kind of thing......"
It was not something that could be believed immediately.
But if it were true—
Kamito's uncommon strength.
It also explained why he hid his past so obstinately.
(......So that's what it was. That's why Kamito—)
Claire stood still and shut her mouth tightly.
"Aha, was it shocking? Onee-chan."
Muir said that with a sneer.
"Nii-sama is a monster just like me. He's not human."
Suddenly, Tiamat's earth dragon head began chanting spirit magic.
Ghastly plants with living tendril extensions growing from it emerged from the ground and attacked Claire and the others.
Being completely drained of energy, the four were at the mercy of the plants and were lifted into the air.
"Nooo!" "What is this!" "Da-Damn you, insolent thing!"
The slimy plants tore the girls' dresses and touched their bare skin like tentacles.
They struggled against the unpleasant feeling, but were unable to put up any resistance.
"Fufu, that's a good look. Onee-chans."
"N, fuaa......this......!"
Claire swung her Flametounge in an attempt to burn the plants but—
The flames disappeared like smoke and were completely extinguished.
(......I'm losing divine power!)
Spirits were unusable by anyone except pure maidens. Even if you had a close bond with the contracted spirit, this didn't change.
The purification ceremony that the spirit contracting princess maidens underwent before sacred rituals or blade dances was to achieve this condition.
The teasing disgraceful treatment wasn't without purpose. Muir was corrupting their bodies so they would be unable to use their contracted spirits.
But there was no time to feel shy from showing an unladylike appearance as the plants dug into their limbs.
Breathing was becoming difficult with the creaking sound of their bones.
"......Ah, guu......"
"You're crying out in a nice voice. I'd like to let Nii-sama hear it as well."
Said the innocently laughing young girl's voice.
(Kami......to......)
Inside her conscience that was growing faint—
Claire called that name.
(—Save me, Kamito!)
Just then, the flash of a sword.
(......Eh?)
A sudden floating feeling.
Following that, Claire's body fell down into the mud.
Ellis, Fianna and Rinslet were also successively freed from the plants.
"......"
Claire blinked.
Over there—
"Sorry, I made you wait."
Kamito stood there holding a gleaming silvery white sword.
Kamito breathed heavily and stood a short distance from the roaring Tiamat.
His face was pale as if lacking blood and he was drenched in cold sweat. Thanks to Est suppressing his condition, he could more or less continue to stand.
"Kamito......"
Claire let out a surprised voice.
"......So you've heard about me?"
"......"
Silence answered him.
With just that, Kamito understood.
They had learned about his past.
"Kamito, is it true? That you were......"
"Yeah, it's true."
Kamito turned away from Claire and nodded.
"I'm the same as Muir, an orphan from the Instructional School."
He heard a gasp.
It wasn't just Claire. Ellis, Fianna and Rinslet as well.
They widened their eyes as the cruel truth was appended to Kamito's profile.
A disgusting child of darkness. Possibly a pitiful monster.
He didn't know which was better.
Whatever the case, their relationship would change from now on.
(......Well, it was bound to get out sooner or later.)
Kamito sighed deeply with resignation—
And continued forward to stand before Muir Alenstarl and Tiamat.
"Claire, I'm sorry for keeping it secret until now. But—"
He gripped Terminus Est in both hands.
"I will definitely protect you all. That will never change."
"Kamito, y-you......"
Then.
Claire's trembling voice—
"Aren't you a fool!"
"Hah?"
Kamito let out a voice that fully ignored the atmosphere of the moment.
Over there — a whip sounded.
The leather whip struck his back just like always.
"That hurts! What's that for!"
While shouting, he turned around—
Gogogogogogogogo......!
Claire's shoulders were trembling.
Her twintails stood on edge like a flame.
"......O-Oi, Claire?"
Cold sweat ran down his cheek.
......She was angry. The hell cat girl was extremely angry.
"Y-Y-You......what do you mean by that?"
Claire rapidly advanced towards him.
Her ruby eyes glared at Kamito.
"A-About what?"
"The reason you wouldn't talk about your past!"
Slight tears were present at the corners of her eyes.
"If I knew about your past, you thought that I'd look at you with those kind of eyes?"
"N-No, because I came from that Instructional School......"
Kamito was overwhelmed and backed away.
"So what?"
"Eh?"
"Well, of course, I was a bit surprised, you know? I was surprised but—"
Claire pointed at Kamito's chest.
"Kamito is still Kamito. Aren't your worries stupid?"
"......"
Kamito was dumbfounded and—
"Kamito-san......that really is stupid."
"Yeah, that's right. Stupid beyond belief."
"Oh, Kamito-kun, that's so stupid ♪ ."
The three other young ladies also said as much with astonished expressions.
"Y-you guys......"
"Listen well, Kamito."
Claire glared at Kamito with upturned eyes.
"......!?"
Her face was close. It was a distance where lips would meet if they were any closer.
Or rather, if he actually looked, Claire was completely naked other than her panties.
Even in this kind of situation, his heart throbbed.
"Your past has nothing to do with it."
Claire gazed at Kamito with a serious expression.
"After all, you're our teammate and my important—"
"......Claire?"
While squirming, Claire's face lit up red. Kamito swallowed hard.
And then—
"Because you're my slave spirit!"
She screamed that.
"......Yeah, that's right."
Kamito smiled wryly.
(......I was really being stupid.)
He felt that he should have trusted his companions more.
It had only been two months since he had met Claire and the other young ladies.
But they had passed all that time together.
Even if they learned about his past, that time wasn't something that would change so easily.
Despite the fact that he should have known that—
"......Claire, sorry."
"Hmph, what a troublesome slave spirit."
Claire averted her eyes a little shyly.
"Nii-sama......"
And Muir Alenstarl muttered that.
"What are you saying? Nii-sama is a monster just like Muir!"
"Muir......"
Kamito looked up at the girl riding on Tiamat's back.
"......I'm already not the same as the me from back then."
"That's a lie, nii-sama can't......"
Muir widened her eyes and—
Glared, not in Kamito's direction, but Claire and the others' direction.
"......I get it, nii-sama. You've been tricked by them."
"—Muir!"
The Cursed Armament Seal on her right hand began to glow ominously.
Tiamat roared madly and its interior portion grew larger.
The scales covering its body blew off and chunks of meat scattered.
"Muir's nii-sama — cannot be forgiven. I'll crush everyone."
"......"
Muir Alenstarl — a girl, who for some reason called him nii-sama, was a dear existence to him.
Having hardly changed, she still possessed a cute childish face.
A slight pain crossed his heart.
However—
"Sorry, Muir. The young ladies I must protect are here."
Kamito raised the Demon Slayer — Terminus Est in both hands.
"You can't abandon your past, nii-sama!"
"Yeah, I have no intention of abandoning it. This sword is—"
The sword in his hand shone with light—
"To protect those precious to me and carve the way to the future!"
Kamito jumped.
At the same time, Tiamat's Fire Dragon released a breath of flames!
He didn't avoid it — pouring divine power into his blade, he blew away the flames.
(......Muir Alenstarl, a militarized spirit contracting expert.)
With a power that drew out a spirit's power to its limit — Jester's Vise's user.
One who was without equal in large-scale destruction, the number two of the Instructional School.
And the spirit she was controlling now, the annihiliation spirit Tiamat, was a top-class spirit.
The opposing Kamito was heavily injured.
He wasn't the strongest blade dancer, Ren Ashbell, anymore, but could he win with such rusty skills?
(—It doesn't matter!)
Kamito kicked the ground and accelerated.
For some reason, he didn't feel like he would lose. There was no prediction that showed him collapsed on the ground.
(Companions that trust in me are here — just that is making my body unbelievably light.)
"Ohhhhhh!"
Aiming at Kamito, the Wind Dragon began chanting spirit magic.
Innumerable wind blades were released. His limbs would be lost if they even grazed him.
"—O wind, to the brave warrior, grant your divine protection!"
From behind, he could hear the chant of a gallant knight captain.
A whirlwind gathered around him and protected his body. Ellis' specialty flying spirit. Kamito jumped and accelerated again — he dodged all the wind blades by jumping over them.
The gleaming white blade in the dark of night. With that, the Wind Dragon's head flew into the air.
(One—)
"Wha......"
Muir opened her eyes in shock.
Mad with anger, Tiamat broke free of her control and attacked Kamito fiercely.
The Earth Dragon opened its rock-solid mouth filled with dull fangs. It dropped its head and in that instant, Kamito—
—A blade flash drew an arc and the Earth Dragon's head fell like an iron hammer.
(Two—)
"Why!? Nii-sama, nii-sama isn't even awakened yet—"
"Muir, during our time at the Instructional School, did you win against me even once?"
"......!?"
Muir's Jester's Vise paired with the annihilation spirit Tiamat was indeed an unmatched weapon.
But that was only in terms of large-scale destruction.
Against Kamito who specialized in assassination, it was a bad match.
If each of the five heads was cut off one by one — it was not an unbeatable opponent.
The Water Dragon and Fire Dragon attacked at the same time from both directions. Kamito sunk his body — and flew using the power of the wind armor. Circling around behind the heads in an instant, he beheaded them both at once.
(That's four—)
These were the sword techniques for assassination taught at the Instructional School. Kamito's true blade dance. Moves that were sealed in academy battles.
Kamito quickly corrected his stance — and just then.
The neck of the Water Dragon flapping in the air released a water breath.
Cutting the head off was not enough to be a killing blow. With that, Kamito's body was blown into the ground.
(......Kuu!)
He tried to stand quickly but—
In the mouth of the remaining Holy Dragon, light gathered for its Holy Ray.
It was an attack that would wipe away a human in an instant.
"—Kamito!"
The burning Flametounge drew a red line across the sky.
The flaming whip hit the Holy Dragon's neck and stopped its movements momentarily.
With that—
"Freezing fangs, pierce — Freezing Arrow!"
Rinslet's ice arrows struck the still-open mouth of the dragon and froze it.
No. It wasn't just a freezing arrow—
"—Wait naught for winter and bloom now, Ice Break!"
In concert with Rinslet's words, the demonic ice shattered.
The resulting ice blades sliced all over Tiamat's body.
"Ohhhhhhhh!"
The giant dragon's body stopped moving and in a split-second—
Kamito's demon-slaying blade destroyed the remaining Holy Dragon head.

"No way, why......"
Muir Alenstarl who had lost the annihilation spirit Tiamat—
Was standing stock still in the mud in shock.
That appearance was akin to a girl who had just dropped her favorite toy in the river.
The Monster that had been trying to kill Claire and the others until just now was nowhere in sight.
"Nii-sama was supposed to stay weak forever and ever......"
"Muir, I may have really become weak."
Kamito thrust his sword into the ground and held his hand out to the frightened Muir.
Muir tilted her head to the side.
"But now I have those around me who convert that weakness into strength."
"......"
Muir blinked her eyes—
"Wh-What's with that......"
Sulkily, she averted her eyes.
"I hate nii-sama. I hate you."
"Muir......"
And then.
His heart squirmed.
"......Aguu, ahhhhhh!"
Instantaneously. His entire body felt like it was burning up and intense pain ran throughout him.
With an anguished cry, Kamito fell to the ground.
"—Kamito!?"
Claire pulled the collapsed Kamito back up.
"......Wait, what's going on exactly!?"
"......It's nothing......"
"Idiot, there's no way that's true!"
"Kamito-san!"
"Kamito, what's wrong!"
Rinslet and Ellis, along with Fianna, all hurriedly rushed to his side.
"—Show me."
Fianna unbuttoned his shirt with a serious expression.
And then—
"......What is this!?"
Upon seeing Kamito's unveiled chest — she became speechless.
Roughly around his heart's location, an ominous black pattern was engraved.
"No way, a Cursed Armament Seal......!"
"What did you say!?"
Anxiety flashed across all four of their faces.
And.
"That woman, doing such things without asking me—"
Muir stood while biting her lips.
"......That woman? You, do you know anything?"
Claire sharply inquired and Muir flinched before shaking her shoulders.
Without her militarized spirit, she was now just a normal powerless girl.
"......Gu, ahh, ahhhhhhhh!"
Kamito vomited and tore at his own chest.
"It's dangerous at this rate. We need to report this to the Divine Ritual Institute quickly!"
"Got it!"
Ellis stood up and summoned her flying wind spirit—
And.
"—Move aside."
A quiet voice resounded.
"......?"
The location the voice came from — everyone looked towards that spot.
There stood Est who had returned to human form.
Coldly shining silvery white hair.
Mysterious violet pupils.
Est's profile lit by the moon gave off a godly feeling.
In the face of that beauty—
"Est......"
Kamito forgot about his burning pain for a moment.
"Kamito."
Est whispered.
With small, cold fingertips, Est touched Kamito's jaw and,
"I am your sword. Therefore—"
On Kamito's lips.
She planted hers.
"Es......t......!?"
Dizziness. His mind was attacked by a sweet drunken feeling.
He could only widen his eyes in shock.
The warmth of the touching lips.
The softness of the touching lips.
The silvery white hair caressing his cheeks.
Small fingertips were wrapped around his back.
Those delicate limbs which seemed like they could break at any moment.
The heat from those fingertips. Or possibly coolness.
He was wrapped in those strange and gentle sensations.
He felt his entire body relax.
Their lips parted lightly.
But the hair upon his cheeks did not part.
"......Est?"
And then—
"Good bye, Kamito."
Est's body disintegrated into many light shards and disappeared into thin air.
"—Est!"

—Nii-sama is Muir's only.
And so, it has been three months since last time. This is Shimizu Yuu.
We've reached the fourth volume of the school harem x battle comedy "Seirei Tsukai no Blade Dance"!
Finally, after two months of school life, it's the Blade Dance. Attacking Kamito and the others who have made their respective resolves is a military-use spirit of unknown affiliation. The covert Instructional School's assassins and Kamito's revealed past. And also the other Ren Ashbell's objective is—
The young ladies' love battle also accelerates with bold swimsuits and magnificent dresses, while the plot advances into the climax, so please continue to support it!
Now for the customary thanks.
Firstly, Sakura Hanpen-sensei who once again drew wonderful illustrations, thank you so much. Rinslet on the cover is so cute. Why those cute and erotic tights are so damaged — I was pulled in and delayed writing. Pero-pero.
Thanks to MFJ's charismatic incubator, "Seirei Tsukai" has managed to reach four volumes.
Head editor Misaka, proofreading team, formatting team, marketing team and bookstores, thank you for everything. Shinjuku's Anibro Gamers store have made a huge released of volume 3. Once again, I thank you.
Also, Yoshihira Zenzai-sensei who is drawing a high-quality manga version in the Comic Alive magazine. Having the characters drawn in a cute style makes me very happy. I'll just mention this here, but the manga is a little more erotic than the light novel......it's very erotic! (Eye-opening shock level).
Lastly, to all those who are reading this book, I give you my greatest thanks!
To everyone who submitted their impressions in the questionnaire, a big thanks to you as well. I have read all of them gratefully. Speaking of the questionnaires, in the second volume, Est was leading by a large margin, but in the third volume, she just rocketed to the top. Fianna and Claire occupy the third and fourth spots in a very close battle. The main character, Kamito, is in fifth. It's a shame that the cute Rinslet is in sixth......now is the time for the one million (lie) Rinslet fans across the country to unite!
Now then, the next volume is the fifth. Let's meet again in "The Demon Slaying Sword (tentative)"!
July 2011, Shimizu Yuu
Nice to meet you or long time no see! It's Sakura Hanpen!
I received another two page afterword so I drew my beloved Rinslet with all my heart!
Rinslet-san...! Rinslet-san, Rinslet-san who's greater than cute...!
This is my pero-pero desire. The tights on the cover page were at too high a level.
I-It's not like it not satisfactory!? But it could be more cute.

With that shocking ending, it can't be helped if I want to read the next volume.
Oh no, what's gonna happen to Est...!? The readers are really interested...Shimizu-sensei...
No matter what happens, I won't apologize about my pero-pero, so please apologize, Shimizu-sensei. Ehh.

Also, this is an announcement but the one who left me in charge of illustrations, HOOKSOFT-san's "SuGirly Wish" is coming out next (`･ω･´). Please look into that as well...!

Well then, I'll stop around here!
This has been the Sakura Hanpen who can't help being curious about the next volume!

He was watching a dream.
An extremely vivid dream― to the extent that he understood that he was within a dream.
The flashing of swords. The clashing of blades.
While walking down a corridor dyed red with the blood of countless soldiers―
The one swinging a sword of shining light, was a girl with beautiful golden hair.
Flowing movements like that of the blade dance, cutting down all sorts of spirits that came at her.
The girl's figure gave off a sense of deja vu.
Up till present times, there were many existing artworks of her, like portraits, sculptures and paintings.
Areishia Idriss.
The Sacred Queen who had once overthrown the Demon King.
......Why did I dream of her?
Here he did not have a physical body that he could move, only his consciousness drifted through this clear dream, bearing that question.
From when exactly was this dream from?
Furthermore― whose dream was it?
In the midst of his clear consciousness― eventually, he reached that moment that was recorded in history.
Defeating the last spirit, the girl slowly walked out the corridor, heading into the deepest depths of the castle.
Raising the «Sacred Sword» which was radiating light in the air with both hands, she raised her head, looking at the throne.
There, was seated a lone man, his composure calm.
The area around the throne was wreathed in dark flames, and thus his features could not be identified.
However, who it was that was seated on that throne, was intuitively understood with just a glance.
The Demon King Solomon―
In the past, he had brought calamity and destruction across the lands, the worst tyrant to have gone down in history.
Dominating the powerful spirits of the seventy-two pillars, the only existing male elementalist.
Ominous dark flames danced menacingly around him, as though threatening the girl.
However, the girl did not falter.
Because within her hand was held a sacred sword, empowering her heart.
"Evil Demon King, by the names of the Elemental Lords and my sacred sword, begone."
As the blowing wind sent her golden hair billowing, the girl dashed onward's.
Engraved on the blade of the sacred sword, in the language of the spirits, was a name giving off a silver light―
The instant I saw that name, I shouted out.
"―Est!"

"—!?"
Waking up, he found himself on his soft bed.
... He sat up and looked back down at himself.
He was not wearing his school uniform, but rather a set of loose pajamas. It seemed that someone had helped him change while he was unconscious.
The dream he witnessed had caused him to break out into a cold sweat.
"I —"
What on earth —
Trying to recall the events that happened before he fainted, Kamito rubbed his dully aching head.
At that moment —
"Kamito, you're awake?"
From the corner of the room came a voice.
Kamito turned, and saw a beautiful girl in uniform sitting on a chair by the wall.
She had two red ponytails on the sides of her head.
Her translucent ruby-red pupils gazed anxiously in his direction.
"... Claire, you haven't been here all this time, have you?"
"Eh? No, not very long at all..."
Claire frantically shook her head.
However, dark circles at the corners of her eyes belied the fact that she had not had a good night's rest.
"I apologize for making you worry."
"I-It's nothing, I wasn't worrying."
Kamito returned Claire's concern with a wry smile, and took a look around the room.
This castle room had been arranged for the participants of the «Blade Dance». Looking at its spacious windows and quality household items, one could tell that this was not Kamito's usual residence, which was no different from a storage room, but a room from some unknown other place.
With dawn quickly approaching, the sun shone weakly through a slit in the curtains.
"That's good, get some sleep now. Your fever has not fully gone down."
"Ah? I have a fever?"
"Mmhm, it appears to have gotten better now, but you were burning up quite badly just a moment ago."
Claire bent over and placed her hand on Kamito's forehead.
The touch of her ice-cold skin felt incredibly comfortable. .... Oh. There was indeed still a bit of a lingering fever.
"Anyways, Claire –"
"Yes, what is it?"
"Uh, why did I faint?"
".......You don't remember?"
Claire's eyes opened wide in surprise.
"Don't tell me you have amnesia..."
"No, nothing that serious. It's just that my head's still groggy and I can't seem to remember what happened right before I blacked out."
Kamito shook his head silently.
"The events from the ball?"
"Yes, I remember that. You turned down the invitation from the crown prince of some country with the wave of a hand..."
"Uh, yeah."
"Around that time, Ren Ashbell invited me to dance –"
While massaging his aching temples, Kamito felt his memory gradually return in chronological order.
Something big must have happened.
No mistake about that. There was something of extreme importance –
"Ren Ashbell carved the «Brand of Darkness» on me, and then –"
Impatience burned in his chest.
Sparkling in the corner of his mind was an image of the radiant silver sword.
"And then, I –"
"Kamito, you rescued us from the hands of the «Institutional School» assassins!"
Looking at the upset Kamito, Claire spoke up.
"The «Institutional School» assassins?"
Kamito lifted his head abruptly.
That's right. At that time, I battled Muir's military spirit–
Claire's words prompted his memories of last night to return in a flood.
During the Blade Dance's opening ceremony last night, Muir Alenstarl, the «Instructional School» assassin calling herself Kamito's foster younger sister, had controlled a military spirit to attack Claire and company.
Marked by Ren Ashbell's «Brand of Darkness» and covered in wounds, Kamito raced towards the battlefield reluctantly, towards Muir Alenstarl's military spirit – but at that very moment, the curse of the mark took effect on Kamito's body, and he was overcome with blinding pain.
And then –
"...!"
The instant he regained his memory, Kamito's whole body stiffened, as if he'd been struck by lightning.
The image that sprung to mind was that of a girl – with mysterious violet eyes.
With beautiful silvery-white hair that reflected the moonlight.
With small hands that gently stroked his back.
And with lips that were cold as ice yet hot as fire when they touched his.
Then she turned into innumerable particles of light, which dissipated into a void—
That was the last Kamito saw of her.
"... Es... t?"
The name escaped from his lips in a trembling, spontaneous exhale.
It was the name of one who had always remained by his side, the name of an extremely important someone, the name of his contract spirit.
His slight memory disturbances earlier must have been because he had not wanted to face this fact.
"Kamito..."
Claire's low, worried words almost went unheard by Kamito.
"You must be joking... Est, why did she–"
Her meaningless words rang hollow.
His newly recovered memory insisted on replaying the last scene he saw before losing consciousness.
At that time, she had whispered in his ear:
Goodbye, Kamito –.
Blade spirit Est – with a head of silvery-white hair, just like a snow fairy.
His contract with her was originally a chance occurrence.
While maintaining a contract with a contract spirit from the past, the end result was an incomplete contract.
Originally, he could not even wield a tenth of the power with the contract. It must have been considerably painful for a powerful spirit like her.
However, Est had said that was all right.
To be able to contract with you, that alone is wonderful – she had said.
But I –
Three years ago, there was a day he had lost a previous contract spirit.
From that day onwards, he had vowed not to lose anyone important.
"Yet I – again!"
Est had disappeared.
She had sacrificed her very existence in order to save Kamito from being eroded by the curse of the brand.
"Damn –"
"Kamito!"
He threw up his hands in despair only for Claire to quickly catch hold of them.
She gazed steadily into his eyes, with the intent of calming him down.
"Est was not eliminated."
"Ah?"
"After all, your hands still bear signs of a spirit contract, right?"
Kamito's eyes widened.
"Y...es... indeed."
His right hand, the one in Claire's grasp, still bore a design of intersecting swords.
That was the proof of a spirit contract—the spirit seal.
If the contract spirit were to be eliminated, the spirit seal would then of course disappear.
The reason why Kamito had believed for all these three years that Restia had not vanished—the reason why he had retained a glimmer of hope—was entirely because the spirit seal inscribed on his left hand still remained.
The spirit seal connects the contractor to the contract spirit; it is a special «Gate».
Now the pain was too weak to be felt – but as long as the spirit seal on his right hand did not disappear, he would have proof that Est had not been completely eliminated.
"Est, she's still alive."
"Yes. And even if we cannot call her out now, there must be a way to do so."
If that's the case, I can't remain like this.
"... Ah ah ah ah ah!"
Biting back the pain coursing through his entire body, Kamito got up from the bed.
"Wait, wait a moment, what are you doing!? You still can't –"
"Est is waiting – I don't have the time to continue sleeping!"
Just as Claire's hands moved to stop him–
Gurgle gurgle ~
A lovely sound arose in the room.
"...Claire?"
All the strength had drained from his body.
"...... ~!Th-Th-This is a misunderstanding, t-there wasn't a strange sound just now!"
"You... don't tell me, you haven't had anything to eat since yesterday?"
"A-After all, you've been having a bad fever, well..."
Claire blushed and stammered.
"You can't afford to skip meals since tomorrow the battle begins."
"... I-I know. Speaking of which, you haven't eaten either."
"Well, I'm more or less accustomed to that..."
In his youth, Kamito had spent most of his time undergoing intense training at the «Instructional School».
The education he received there included even training to withstand starvation. Although he had no intention of attempting such a thing, he could now easily go without food for several days.
Then again...
Something suddenly occurred to Kamito.
Everyone now knows that I was from the «Instructional School»...
Precisely because they were important companions, he had not wanted them to know of his past.
Once they learnt of that, he thought that they would not want anything to do with him anymore.
It was only natural that one would think so.
On the contrary, they had treated Kamito –
"You... what you are or aren't accustomed to, that's entirely beside the point. If you don't eat well, you'll never regain your strength. Look, I even brought fruit here specially f-for you."
At this, Claire indicated the basket on the bedside table.
It was filled to the brim with delicious-looking ripe peaches.
"– Claire, thank you."
"Don't stand on courtesy, it's nothing. After all, they were brought back from the ball."
"No such thing!"
Kamito looked directly at Claire.
"Even after learning I was an orphan from the «Instructional School», you still stayed my friend, saying it didn't matter. ... About that, I'm still very glad."
"W-What, ah, well, that..."
Claire blushed and looked away.
"B-But of course, isn't that just how it is? Regardless of your past, you're my slave spirit now and that will not change!"
With a wry smile and a nod of his head, Kamito reached into the basket for a peach.
"Here, hand me a small knife, I'll cut it open."
"Leave it to me. You're the hurt one, get some rest."
"The peach is fragile, so it can be difficult to peel. I thought you weren't good at peeling fruits?"
"W-well, if you think that..."
Claire hid her face. Truth be told, it seemed that all the women at the institution, both young and adult, were all not that good at homemaking. It wasn't just Claire who was particularly bad at preparing fruits.
Kamito shrugged, picked up a knife from the table, and started peeling the peach in a repeated, circular motion.
Watching his deft handiwork, Claire asked emotionally:
"Did you learn this from that «Instructional School» too?"
"No, I picked up cooking and other skills during my travels. My travel companion was very picky when it came to the flavor!"
"...By companion, you mean that darkness spirit girl?"
"Yeah..."
While cutting the peach, Kamito's expression turned sour.
"Well – so it's like that..."
Claire looked doubtful.
"Look, it is peeled."
As if to change the subject, Kamito speared the peeled peach on a fork and presented it to Claire.
As she took a bite, some peach juice sprayed back at him.
"Yum yum~ so sweet, it's really delicious...!"
Her two red ponytails danced in joy.
Claire put her hands to her cheeks, an expression of sheer bliss on her face. She looked so lovely one could accidentally lose oneself in admiration.
"Well, now, have another..."
Kamito raised the fork holding the peach. Like a cat being teased, Claire's gaze followed it in a trance-like state.
"Look, here it is!"
He moved his hand away.
"Ah!"
And again.
"R-Really now!"
Claire's mouth opened and shut as she chased the peach doggedly.
Left, right. ... And again.
Finding it very interesting, Kamito intended to continue for a little longer –
"... ~Oi, w-why are you so cruel!"
Claire snarled, tears welling in her eyes.
"... Sorry, just felt like you were as adorable as a cat, so."
"...?! W-what do you mean cute... s-stupid idiot, that's what you are!"
Into the mouth of the red-faced, frantically gesticulating Claire –
"Aah."
– went the peach.
And she bit down.
"Whew, ah, it's so delicious ..."
"Just like a cat."
Claire shot Kamito a look.
"Hey, isn't this situation backwards?"
"Hrm, backwards?"
"The injured person is you, but I'm the one eating."
"Well, it's a small matter, don't worry about it."
Kamito shrugged his shoulders, and conveniently put the peach into his own mouth.
The slightly tangy taste of the peach juice spread immediately in his mouth.
"Mmm, it really is delicious. It's thoroughly ripe!"
"I-isn't that the same fork..."
"... What's the matter?"
"N-No, it's nothing –"
Claire hastily took her eyes off him.
"Anyway –"
Kamito put the fork aside and asked.
"Yes, what?"
"What's the performance for the «Blade Dance»? The divination of the Queens have already been revealed, right?"
While Kamito was unconscious, the five Queens had held a ceremony at the great temple of the «Divine Ritual Institute», where the Five Elemental Lords bestowed their divine revelation. The performance was to be decided by this divine revelation – as for the competition format, it would be announced at a later date.
At this, Claire's expression grew serious.
"Mmhm, the blade dance performance to be presented will be – the «Tempest»."
"«Tempest», huh..."
That had been the competition format used for the Blade Dance not only in recent years, but also tens, and even hundreds of years ago.
The elementalists who will be presenting the blade dance performance will come together at the gathering place in the vast holy lands, and the teams will do battle with each other over a number of days. Each individual's combat skills will be put to the test, but beyond that, of even greater significance will be their tactical and strategic ability, as well as teamwork and cooperation.
"... It will be a tough battle."
"Indeed. On the other hand, they clearly could have chosen a knockout-style tournament. If so, I suppose this was the best possible outcome."
Claire nodded with a serious look on her face.
The blade dance performance's format would be the «Tempest». This piece of information was one he had previously thought about.
With the only constraint being "five elementalists to a team", a little investigating on the history of the Blade Dance would have made it clear that the number of possible performance formats numbered only about ten or so.
As a matter of fact, the Areishia Spirit Academy had even conducted an extensive training exercise under the assumption that this performance would be selected.
However, one could still hold out hope, for as long as possible, that this performance would not be chosen – this way of thinking was still true.
More so than individual skill, this competition format emphasized a team's combined strength. One would be hard-pressed to say this system had any benefits for Claire, who was still worried and unconfident in regards to teamwork.
Furthermore, «TEAM•SCARLET» had only formed recently. The five members had begun working together a mere few weeks ago. While each of them was a strong elementalist in his or her own right, their combined team strength still could not compare to that of the other teams.
Furthermore...
Kamito's gaze turned to the spirit seal inscribed on his right hand.
All along, Kamito's overwhelming strength had always been unrivaled amongst his companions.
However, Kamito was now in a state lacking his contract spirits.
Despite previously being known as the strongest Blade Dancer, without his contract spirit, Kamito could not reach his full strength as an elementalist.
Following that, he rested his hand lightly on the chest wound that was still aching dully.
—The curse of this brand had yet to fade completely.
The «Brand of Darkness» Ren Ashbell had engraved was even now still eating away at his body.
Although Est had suppressed the worst of the damage by sacrificing herself, she had not entirely destroyed it.
"Est..."
Murmuring her name, even injecting into it divine power, the spirit seal yielded no response.
Instead, an intense scorching pain invaded his entire body.
"... Ah, damn it..."
"You'd better not act rashly. What you can do now is to get a good rest in order to regain your strength and divine power."
"... Ah, ah, I know."
Clenching his lips tightly, Kamito nodded and laid flat on the bed again.
... Kamito seemed to be pretty depressed.
Outside Kamito's room, Claire let out a small sigh.
This was not unreasonable. After all, it was an elementalist who had lost their own contract spirit before his own eyes.
That bitterness, Claire understood all too well, as she too had lost Scarlet in the past. At that time, Claire had given up on herself, and had even allowed herself to be tempted by the dark spirit.
Of course, Est's eradication had left Claire somewhat shaken too.
For Est had not been just another contract spirit.
She was also an important companion of Claire's in the institution; for more than two months, they had fought side by side.
".......We need to quickly find a way to bring Est back."
The practical problem was that, without Est, «TEAM•SCARLET» had no chance of winning the battle royale. Kamito had incomparable strength, but an elementalist without a contract spirit at his side would not be able to do his best at a competition such as the «Blade Dance», where there were many tough opponents.
There must be a way to bring Est back – true, she had just said that, but what exactly one would need to do, she did not know. Assuming it was possible was fine and all, but they might not have enough time.
The Blade Dance battle would begin tomorrow; they could only afford to spare one day. If Kamito could not bring Est back in that time, they would have to rely on only the four remaining people to win the battle royale.
Although they did not intend on losing to the other teams, the fact of the matter was that their chances of victory against a strong opponent—such as, say, the Dracunia Dragons led by Leonora Lancaster—were slim indeed.
Moreover, in order to win the grand event, they would still have to take down Ren Ashbell, the most powerful of the Blade Dancers.
Then again, it was also possible for Kamito to look for another spirit to contract with.
But, all things considered, that was not likely...
Pacing around the portico, Claire shook her head. Leaving aside for the moment the issue of finding a suitable new contract spirit, Kamito would most certainly reject the idea of any other spirit but Est.
Speaking of whom –
Out of the blue, the image of that dark spirit girl inadvertently surfaced in Claire's mind.
Jet-black hair, billowing in the wind. A lovely girl with eyes the color of dusk.
In the end, I still did not ask Kamito about her...
A wave of pain rushed through her chest as she thought of it.
It was yesterday evening, in the courtyard of the castle: Kamito and the dark spirit girl, their lips locked in a kiss.
It wasn't that she lacked the opportunity to ask; it was just not a suitable time for such a matter. Shocked and upset over having lost Est, Kamito was not in a state for her to pursue the matter to completion.
But that girl; what on earth was her relationship with Kamito...?
The previous contract spirit was a girl of darkness who, even now, still held Kamito's heart.
The strange pain in her chest burned more and more intensely.
"W-Well, whatever, that rascal can get all kissy-kissy with whoever he wants to! It's got nothing to with me right?"
Claire reasoned this out with herself and then stopped outside the room.
She opened the door —
"...Huh !?"
There were three people in the room who rose from the couch in unison.
"Is Kamito awake!?"
Claire nodded her head in response to Ellis's query.
"Well, yeah, but it seems the fever has not receded yet. He should continue to rest."
".....Hmm, I see. All in all, it's good that he's doing alright."
"T-To actually have a girl worry so much over him. This guy still causes headaches like before!"
Rinslet crossed and uncrossed her fingers restlessly.
"... It was really all thanks to Est. My skills were simply ineffective against the curse of that brand."
In contrast with the other two, who seemed to have breathed sighs of relief, Fianna wore a somber expression.
Fianna was originally the second-best princess maiden overall in the «Divine Ritual Institute». Her power and skill at curse-breaking was comparable to that of the current princess maidens.
However, the «Brand of Darkness» inscribed by Ren Ashbell on Kamito's body contained a curse so strong that it left even Fianna helpless.
If at that time Est had not sacrificed herself, then —
Kamito's physicial body would have been utterly corroded by the curse. At worst, he might even have died.
"I have searched through a wide range of material but still couldn't find any information on this curse."
The pile of heavy books around Fianna was as high as a mountain.
She had brought these with her from the institution. They contained incantations and curses as well as documents related to spirits.
"But even now, I still cannot believe that..."
Ellis spoke while clenching her lips.
"That Ren Ashbell would go so far as to actually do such a thing —"
"... Yeah, I know."
Claire nodded.
The strongest Blade Dancer.
Her goal was to become a princess maiden elementalist, the most lauded person.
At the Blade Dance three years ago, her blade dance performance had mesmerized countless girls.
Whether it was Claire, Ellis, or anyone, they all held a powerful and honorable person like her in high respect. They had endured the Academy's numerous, strict training regimens in order to be an elementalist like her.
Which was why when Muir Alenstarl told them that it was she who had carved the «Brand of Darkness» onto Kamito's body, they completely could not bring themselves to believe it.
However, on further reflection—
Not a single one of them knew anything about who she was...
For example, what wish she made to the Elemental Lord as the victor of the Blade Dance three years prior.
Why, after reaching the highest possible level of renown, did she suddenly disappear without a trace from the eyes of the world.
And why, with things in their current state, would she want to make a return?
Speculation of all sorts were floating about, but it still remained a mystery.
Finally, why would the strongest active elementalist want to place a curse on Kamito.
The reason for that was unclear as well.
For preemptive reasons, so as to reduce Kamito to a certain amount of strength before the battle royale?
Even if that were so, there was no need to use such a circuitous strategy as a curse.
One would only need to fight with overwhelming brute strength to eliminate others, like what Muir Alenstarl did.
"Without conclusive evidence, that impostor elementalist may as well be the real Ren Ashbell."
"... But in that case, why not use her real identity?"
"Maybe there's some reason why she couldn't use her true identity," muttered Fiana.
"You think there is a hidden reason?"
"Ah... I-I didn't say anything!"
Addressing the frowning Claire, Fianna hurriedly shook her head.
"If there was someone masquerading as Ren Ashbell and using her name, I would never forgive her."
Placing her hands on the sword at her waist, Ellis spoke up.
"Come on, let's take the initiative to go ask her—"
"Impossible. We don't even know where she is in the first place."
Claire shook her head at Ellis's impulsive and dangerous proposal.
The team representing Ren Ashbell, Team Inferno of Alphas Theocracy, had apparently stayed in a tower outside the region where they waited for an opportunity to strike. No one knew where they were.
Moreover, Muir Alenstarl, who had vanished after yesterday's skirmish, had not given up on her plans to kill Claire and company. A slow, stealthy approach would be more practical than a direct dangerous one.
"Her intentions are indeed a major concern, but—the foremost problem here has to be Est."
Claire turned towards Fianna and asked,
"I'll get straight to the point. Est – can she still return?"
"That..."
Fianna stroked her chin, as though deep in thought.
"If Kamito's hand still shows signs of the spirit seal, it is evidence that Est has not been completely vanquished. Ordinarily, once she fully regains her power, she can return. It's just that –"
"Just that?"
"This is just my hypothesis – Est may have been trapped in a prison of the curse. Regarding this, I cannot be sure."
"What do you mean?"
"Est used her power to suppress the curse, but she did not completely break it. Now she might be held, shackled by the curse, unable to move."
"In order to rescue Est, we'll have to deal with the curse first, won't we?"
Ellis nodded with a serious expression.
"In regards to the «Brand of Darkness», I can get some help from the forces at the «Divine Ritual Institute». ... Next, there is the problem of Kamito himself. Although I don't think this will crush his spirits..."
"But, he seemed really upset......"
Even in front of Claire, he had put on a brave front so as not to let anyone see him weak. At the end of the day however, he could not hide how much the loss of Est had affected him.
By the looks of it, it should take him quite some time to get his act together.
"In that case......is there anything we can do for him?"
Rinslet said.
"Truthfully speaking, it's not that we don't have an option..."
"Eh, really?" "What's is it?" "D-Don't leave us guessing! Tell us directly, please!"
Hearing this, Claire and the others who were not giving up, gathered in front of Fianna.
Fianna sighed and said:
"... Help our own opponents. While it is infuriating, we really have no choice."
She uttered this sentence of cryptic meaning –
And then informed them on what they - can - do - for - Kamito.
"...!"
The trio's faces instantly turned bright red.
"W-Wait a minute! That sort of thing – how could we possibly to do that!"
"R-Really now! Such a shameful thing... as a knight, I cannot accept it!"
"Keep in mind that I am the eldest daughter of the noble Laurenfrost family!"
The wave of protest from the girls came at the same time.
"Hmm – so you mean to say that you don't want Kamito to recover?"
Fianna sharply spoke and pointed at them.
"T-That is..."
"Of course that isn't true–"
"... I-I didn't mean it like that, except–"
The three blushed and stammered.
A mischievous smile formed on Fianna's face.
"All right then, it's settled. There are all sorts of ceremonial props in the luggage I brought. Help yourselves."
As she spoke, she reached into the travel bag and took out a myriad of colorful costumes and props.


Chirp chirp, tweet tweet... With their calls, the birds signaled the dawn of morning.
A warm ray of sunshine shone through the bedside windows into the room, rousing Kamito.
After talking to Claire this morning, he had returned to sleeping soundly once again, but it seemed that not too much time had passed.
Kamito had a fever not too long ago, but now it has almost completely faded away.
"Mmm... ah..."
He rubbed his bleary eyelids, moved around, and prepared to get out of bed.
At that moment –
"Aaah!"
"..."
His elbow suddenly touched something soft and gentle.
Also, wasn't there some sort of lovely sound just now...
Kamito blinked, puzzled by what it was, he turned his gaze toward the sound.
He saw a round mass of fluffy white fur, keeping him company beside him while he slept.
"... W-What is this?"
The unbelievable sight before his eyes startled Kamito.
However, he immediately thought of something...
Sneaking into my bed... the only one who would do such a thing is -
"Is it Est!?"
He hastily tossed aside the blanket.
"A-Ah! W-What in the world are you doing to me!?"
"... Huh?"
Kamito froze, speechless.
Hidden under the blanket was not the blade spirit who liked to dress in the nude with thigh-high socks.
What he saw was pure white fur, and a pair of long big ears that hung downwards.
And dazzling pale gold hair –
The lovely... Miss Bunny.
"... Hey, Rinslet! What do you think you're doing?"
"N-No, that's not right! I-I am Miss Bunny right now!"
Rinslet flushed red, embarrassed. The rabbit ear on her head twitched up.
"I said, Rinslet –"
"It's 'Miss Bunny'."
"Well, Miss Bunny."
Following her request, Kamito repeated obediently.
"This outfit of yours, what kind of act are you putting on?"
"This... I..."
In response, Rinslet could only rub both her kneecaps awkwardly while stuttering and unable to speak.
Seeing the usually stubborn and self-conscious Rinslet wearing such an expression gave Kamito an indescribable feeling of adoration.
... Speaking of which, this outfit is too provoking, isn't it? It's practically blinding!
A closer look would reveal that –
The Miss Bunny outfit Rinslet was wearing was at most being borderline immodest.
It was a set of very revealing erotic clothing, made of an undergarment-like material, with soft fluffy fur sewn on everywhere.
There was puffy fur on both her hands and feet, and a tail-like a ball of fur hanging from behind.
The greatest draw of the entire outfit however, had to be the the leather collar tied around her neck.
The elegant, aristocratic, wealthy princess wearing that collar... the combination was enough to give people wrong thoughts.
"I-I was turned into Miss Bunny by witchcraft... chuu!"
The maiden said it stiffly, as if reciting lines from a script.
"What's 'chuu'?"
"It's the cry of a rabbit."
"I can't imagine the cry of a rabbit sounding like that..."
Moving his gaze away from the huge twin peaks and valley right before his eyes, Kamito shook his head and spoke.
Right at this time -
"– K-Kamito, I've made breakfast for you!"
The door to the room suddenly opened.
The one standing there was the Captain of the Knights—Ellis.
"What!?"
Kamito fell speechless once again.
Ellis, who stood before him, was dressed like Rinslet in clothing that skirted the edge of modesty.
The only difference was that she wore dog ears instead of rabbit ones, and the fur on her hands were not white, but brown.
The ears atop her head swung constantly as she moved.
"E-Ellis... how is it that you too..."
"N-No, say no more!"
Red-faced and biting her lips, the embarrassed Ellis looked as if she wanted to find a hole to hide in.
"Oooh, i-if my elder sisters were to see me dressed like this, I don't know what they would say..."
Tears glowed from the corners of her brown eyes, probably because of how ashamed she felt.
... Now... what is the situation?
... What on earth had happened? Why would the pure-hearted and rule-abiding Captain be dressed in such a dissolute manner?
"J-Just don't mind my outfit, alright."
"Uh... how do you expect anyone to not mind that?"
Ellis ignored Kamito's confusing reply.
She cleared her throat with a cough, and pushed a small silver dining car in from the corridor.
"Ah?"
The aroma of freshly baked toast immediately filled the room.
"... Well, come have breakfast, I made these for you."
There was a meal of freshly prepared breakfast in the dining car; the steam above it had not yet dispersed.
The dishes included – toast grilled to the perfect degree, thick French-style pumpkin soup, deliciously tender omelets, Caesar salad with added tuna, and last but not least for dessert, there was yogurt topped with strawberry jam.
At first glance, although these were not exactly high-class, one could tell that every dish had been prepared with meticulous care.
"... You're such an expert! Did you do all these yourself, Ellis?"
"Y-Yes, I prepared these in the tower's kitchen. Only because I did not want to forget my culinary skills, it wasn't specially made for you!"
Ellis looked away, a look of embarrassment suddenly creeped across her face as she bent down beside Kamito.
"Captain, how can you do this!"
Disregarding Rinslet's protests, she addressed Kamito:
"I-I'll feed you... O-open your mouth, come."
"T-There's no need! I can do it myself –"
"Absolutely not, you're the one who's hurt after all."
"My wound has already fully healed –"
– Into his mouth.
Taking advantage of the moment Kamito's mouth was open, Ellis stuffed the omelette into his mouth.
"..."
"H-How is it?"
"... S-Super delicious!"
The omelette was not only just sweet enough, but it was also so soft and fluffy that it melted in his mouth. This beyond-perfect masterpiece by Ellis that confirmed the saying that the simpler the dish, the greater a test it was of the chef's skill.
"Is that really so! ... That's wonderful."
Ellis smiled shyly, the dog ears on her head moving up and down.
Seeing the usually serious and stern Captain wear such an expression, Kamito could not help but feel butterflies in his stomach.
"Hmph—Captain, you're too cunning to do this."
Rinslet puffed up her cheeks a little angrily and said.
"...Rinslet?"
"T-Then I shall give Kamito-san a massage."
Having said this, Rinslet immediately began kneading Kamito's shoulders with gentle strength.
"... What!?"
"How does it feel?"
"You're so good at this... my fatigue is slowly disappearing, wow."
Kamito was not just saying empty kind words of praise; Rinslet's massage technique was really of professional standard.
The comfortable sensation made all the tense muscles in his body relax one by one.
"You know, I give Carol massages all the time, because that child keeps praising me, I have unknowingly become very good at massaging."
"So that's why..."
... That a maid could get her master to knead her shoulders for her was, in a certain sense, almost too much.
"Uh huh, you'd better thank me well. I am the heir to the Laurenfrost clan. By right, I could never serve men in this way."
"W-Well..."
At this moment , Kamito suddenly felt two soft bumps against his back.
"But... only for today... everyone..."
Rinslet leant over and whispered into Kamito's ear:
"Everyone can become... Kamito-san's house pet."
"Uh... w-what did you just say – !"
In a panic, Kamito turned his head, then –
"M-Me too, just for today, I won't be your Captain!"
Then it was Ellis, who cried out, perking up her dog ears:
"I want to be K-Kamito's... little pet dog."
"Ellis!?"
What was the matter with the both of them?
"Kamito..." "Kamito-san..."
Their small animal tails swinging, the two of them stared at Kamito with fire in their eyes.
... Why is it that he felt dizzy with confusion? Could it be another fever?
Hey, something's not right...
The temperature in the room had started rising steadily.
Boom boom boom...
"... Y-You guys... what mischief are you up to?"
"Claire?!"
Kamito turned and looked –
The door, which had not been closed, opened with a slam. Standing there was Claire with a burning-hot whip in her hand.
Her shoulders were trembling slightly in anger, and her two bright red ponytails pointed upright like flames.
However, what fixated Kamito's gaze was how she was dressed.
Atop her head was a pair of shaking red cat ears.
On her slim petite body was erotic clothing made of red fur.
Her bare white thighs were displayed so boldly that one could not look directly at them.
"H-How is it that you too are doing this? That outfit is...!"
Kamito muttered, dumbfounded, then –
"Waaaah! S-Stupid fool, what are you looking at!"
Claire blushed and crossed her knees shyly.
She then made a sound like a cat's low growl, and glared at Kamito with tears in her eyes.
"Hmph, what... in any case you must feel that my chest is disappointingly small, isn't that right!?"
"..."
Truthfully speaking, that set of clothing did indeed make Claire's chest seem even tinier.
Although that very same attire could bring out the valley between the breasts of Ellis and Rinslet, the undeniable fact of the matter was, the sight of Claire wearing it only gave a person the impression of looking at a washboard.
Having said that, however, it did not reduce the charm she exuded. Her despondency over her chest size in fact made her look pitiful and delicate, which only increased her loveliness.
"Not at all. How should I say it... I think you're awfully cute like this."
Kamito expressed his honest feelings.
"A-A-Ah! W-what nonsense are you spouting!"
Claire's cheeks grew redder and redder. She waved the whip in her hand, which made slapping noises.
"Oooh..." "Kamito-san!"
At this, one of Ellis's dog ears and Rinslet's rabbit ears cocked in Kamito's direction, and they puffed their cheeks slightly resentfully.
"I-I don't care any more... you really are such a terrible fool!"
Claire muttered haltingly, then walked towards Kamito –
Then she abruptly jumped onto the bed Kamito was lying in.
"... Uhhh... hey... you guys...!"
The three pretty girls dressed as erotic cute animals pushed each other around the small bed, their bare shoulders pressed against Kamito's arm.
"Well then, you tell me... is there anything I can do for you, Kamito?"
Claire bit her lip lightly and looked at Kamito with upward-glancing eyes.
"Anything I... want you to do?"
"Such as... oh yes, sleeping on my lap ... or help you clean your ears... things of that sort?"
"Sleep on your lap?"
Such an action was a common dream among all men.
Kamito inadvertently glanced at Claire's soft-looking thighs – and then swiftly moved his gaze away.
"Oh, but only for today! You usually are my slave, but only for today... I-I am willing... to be your slave!"
"S-Slave?"
Kamito questioned her and Claire nodded.
"Y-Yes! For today, I will agree to anything you ask of me! Y-You better prepare yourself!"
"Wait a moment, what do I have to prepare myself for?"
"K-Kamito... it's the same for me!"
"And me!"
Ellis and Rinslet also squeezed up to him, snuggling Kamito tightly with their bodies.
"But... n-no sexual orders though."
"Who would ever do that! What kind of person do you guys think I am!?"
"Huh, you didn't want to make any such orders? Oh, okay..."
For some reason, a disappointed look crept across her face as she muttered those words.
Letting out a sigh, Kamito said frustratedly:
"– Now can you tell me why the three of you are dressed like this?"
He bluntly asked the trio.
"This... that is because..."
The three ladies looked at each other in panic.
After a while, Claire finally surrendered and said: "B-Because after Est disappeared, you looked so down and depressed –"
"... Huh?"
"So we decided to dress like this to lift your spirits...!"
Blushing furiously, Claire awkwardly finished her explanation.
It is said that when an elementalist is in a poor mental state, they will have no way of summoning spirits. In more serious cases, they may sometimes even lose their princess maiden powers.
For example, Fianna had been dealt a severe emotional blow four years ago, and had been unable to use her power for a long period of time afterwards. When Scarlet was defeated by demon spirits, Claire had also fallen into grief, and suddenly found herself unable to summon Scarlet.
If the blow from the loss of Est caused Kamito's heart to be dominated by negative feelings of hatred, the «gate» between their hearts would truly close forever, never to open again. In truth, there were actually many princess maidens who had lost their status as elementalists because of such trauma to their souls.
So simply put, they wanted to cheer me up – roughly this kind of intention?
Evidently, he had made these ladies worry too much.
However, Kamito thanked them from the bottom of his heart for their thoughtfulness.
"... But why dress up as little animals and put on an act?"
Kamito asked.
"It's Fianna who told us this secret. Y-You rascal, you like this kind of thing, don't you?"
"That goddamn princess, huh..."
Kamito gritted his teeth and muttered.
... So that was it, these sexual animal costumes were all from Fianna's secret collection.
"That... can't be right, you don't like this look?"
"Hmm? Well... I didn't say I disliked it."
Despite the many objections he felt, Kamito reluctantly admitted it -
Truth be told, he really thought it was quite cute.
Moreover, that these snobby aristocratic daughters would be willing to embarrass themselves so thoroughly in order to cheer him up – whether or not their methods were right, their positive intentions were enough to make one want to frankly thank them.
"... All of you, thank you."
"I-I did not do it for you, Kamito, I just want Est back quickly, that's all."
As Claire turned her head away, the cat ears on her head moved as well.
Ellis and Rinslet, too, shyly shook their tails.
"– N-Now then, shall we take a walk outside?"
Claire, who cleared her throat, tugged at Kamito's pajamas and asked.
"Outside?"
"Today is our last rest day before the start of the main competition, of course we should go outside and have a good time! Staying locked in a room depressed all day is hardly the solution, right?"
"... That is true."
All Kamito could do now was to believe in Est and await her return.
If Kamito, her contractor, did not get out of his depression, the «gate» would become impossible to open.
Going outside to lift his spirits was perhaps a good idea.
"And on this floating island, there is even a Biblion managed by the «Divine Ritual Institute»."
Rinslet added.
"Biblion?"
"It has been said that a lot of antique-level information is archived within the sacred Biblion, information that cannot be found even in our library of seals. If Est is really the sealed spirit sealed within the ancient sacred sword, we might be able to find clues in those documents."
"... If that is so, it sounds like it would be worth a look."
Anecdotes of the Demon King Killing Sacred Sword could be found across the continent, and although truth and fiction were mixed in them, considering that Est was such a powerful spirit, it would not be surprising to find a mention of her in one of the ancient records.
"It is decided, now hurry up and get ready to go!"
"Mhmm, we can't be cheerful cooped up indoors all the time."
"And in a place so close to the port, there are many shops set up here too."
The three girls crowded together, all trying to take Kamito's arm.
"Wait, let me first change into my uniform... Also, you don't want to go out dressed like this either, right?"
"Aaah! O-Of course not!"
The girls blushed and quickly let go of Kamito.
So –
Kamito and his friends, dressed in their uniforms, took a carriage ride to the port.
The sacred Biblion was apparently located not too far from here; plain and simple wooden structures were set up side-by-side in this area of the port, creating a lively atmosphere like that of a shopping street holding a celebration.
In addition, the various countries of the continent had also combined to raise funds for various food and entertainment facilities to welcome the spectators of the Blade Dance.
Because this was the original spirit world, which humans were forbidden to live in, this fantasy street would only appear for a few days.
It was a sight only visible during the Blade Dance.
"Wow – clear skies today."
"Mm, because we are on the clouds, of course."
Claire stretched like a cat as she walked, she and Kamito chatted while walking together.
Then, a cool refreshing breeze blew past, and Claire's tresses, tied into two ponytails, swayed in the wind.
Hanging distantly in the sky, the floating island — Ragna Ys — should have stood no chance against fierce winds, but because this sacred land had the additional protection of the Wind Elemental Lord, it was in no danger of being blown away.
Small flying crafts flew one by one between the gaps in the clouds and arrived at the port.
As the main event of the Blade Dance was about to begin, nobles from countries all over the continent had already begun to gather here.
"This really is spectacular."
"Only on the floating island can you see such a view."
Ellis and Rinslet expressed their amazement in muttered exclamations.
"... It would have been great if Fianna could have come with us."
While muttering, Kamito raised his head to the clear, vast blue sky.
At the moment, Fianna seemed to be searching for a way to destroy the «Brand of Darkness» imprinted on Kamito. She had been tirelessly visiting old acquaintances from her time at the «Divine Ritual Institute».
"Later, let's buy some gifts to take back for Fianna, alright?"
"Mmm, yeah."
The slate street was lined with a wide variety of shops.
As they were only temporary stalls, the materials they were made of were not particularly impressive. However, the craftsmen or chefs working inside were top talents who had been recruited from many countries. The Blade Dance was an excellent opportunity to showcase the nation's prestige so countries tend to generously spend huge sums of money on this.
The group walked to the heart of the shopping street, and passed a group of tourists who had just alighted from a flying craft.
"I didn't want to say this but this place really is terribly crowded."
"Men everywhere... I'm starting to feel dizzy."
Ellis and Rinslet looked around uneasily.
It seems that the ladies, having grown up in such a sheltered environment, were not used to such bustling places.
Furthermore, the city here was different from the college city: men accounted for a greater proportion of the people here. Although they were among the best elementalists, here they immediately turned back into pure innocent girls. Whenever a man, passing by quickly, brushed shoulders with them, they would let out small squeals and press themselves tightly against Kamito.
Claire was no exception, from the very start, she had repeatedly been sticking close to Kamito then immediately pulling away.
Whenever she leaned against Kamito, she would move away blushing; when she next bumped into a strange passer-by, she would go back to Kamito.
This foolish girl, what is she doing?
When Claire leaned into him again, Kamito quickly took her hand.
"Aaaah! W-What are you doing!"
The fiery cat maiden cried angrily, her face red.
"Who taught you how to walk so unsteadily? That's awfully dangerous."
"Well... o-okay, I'll let you hold my hand, but in here only."
As the two of them held hands, Claire turned her gaze aside shyly.
"You're too cunning..."
Rinslet puffed her cheeks unhappily, then grabbed Kamito's empty other hand.
"Rinslet?"
"I-I'm afraid of you getting lost, so hold on to me tight."
Then Ellis, too, joined in; seeing that both Kamito's hands were full, she had no choice but to latch onto his arm.
"E-Ellis...!"
"Hey... Captain! You're blocking the way here!"
"I-It's you, not me! Let go of Kamito's hand now!"
"Ah... all of you, I can't walk like this!"
The girls, all clinging to Kamito, began to quarrel.
They made such a scene that nearby passers-by started to whisper among themselves:
"Quick, look over there, three noble girls are serving that young man, wow." "That's because he's the rumored male elementalist, you know..."
"That's too wicked of him, to sink his fangs into those poor delicate girls." "But, take a look at those girls' expressions; they don't seem to hate him at all." "They must be under some kind of strange magic spell, of course."
Well... this situation seems to have gotten a little worse...
Kamito had long been used to hostility from strangers.
However, he did not wish to tarnish the reputations of the ladies he partnered with.
"I say... there are far too many people here, so why don't we find someplace cooler to rest?"
"Mm, that sounds good..."
Claire and the others nodded to show their agreement. It seems they were also thinking the same thing.
They looked around in search of a shop they could have a cup of tea at. And then –
"Kamito-san, look... there's a «La Parfait» shop over there!"
Rinslet pointed towards a chic-looking café across the road.
"Say, is that the famous «La Parfait»!? I've always wanted to try their cakes."
"If I remember correctly, this café is very popular throughout the empire... I-I'm kind of interested as well."
Even Claire and Ellis knew of it. Evidently, the business that had set up that temporary stall was very famous.
"... In that case, shall we go there?"
"Agreed!" "Yes!" "Mmhm...!"
The trio nodded in agreement and dragged Kamito towards it.
The «La Parfait» stall was almost fully packed, so much so that the group had to wait a little before being served.
While sitting at the entrance waiting to be served, Kamito examined the stall's decor. The horizontal beams of the ceiling were naturally bent like tree branches, Kamito was very appreciative of the warm atmosphere this unique wood imparted.
"I'm surprised this is such a relaxing place. When I heard you say it was one of the empire's most popular shops, I expected it to be much more posh and luxurious."
"This is only a temporary stall put up for the «Blade Dance», so of course it won't be so well-decorated. Their regular shops are so good aristocratic ladies would be willing to hide their identities just to patronize the shop incognito."
"Oh, so that's it... Hey, speaking of which, I'm not that loaded with cash..."
Kamito's face suddenly turned pale.
A shop even noble daughters would patronize incognito – this must certainly be a very high-class shop.
"If it were a regular shop, no matter how loaded you were, you'd still not be able to afford it."
"The stalls are free for the participants of the Blade Dance."
"I-I see..."
At Rinslet's words, Kamito let out a reassured sigh.
After a while, the four were led to their seats.
"I want a peach pie, a peach sorbet... and a peach mousse."
Claire flipped open the menu and gestured with her finger at the dessert options.
"Why are you getting so many peach options... haven't you already had some in the morning?
"N-None of your business... so what if I like them?"
"This raspberry-flavored cream puff also looks delicious."
"Y-Yes, that seems tasty."
"Oh... This dish puts some ice cream on a fresh hot apple pie to be eaten together..."
"Let's order one and divide it, everyone can have some. Kamito, what would you like?"
"Oooh... Well then, I'll have a scone, I guess..."
Kamito answered perfunctorily, but then –
"What's this attitude, you seem so reluctant."
"I really pity the dessert you order like that to eat."
"If you're a true man, you should pick decisively... Well, I'm talking about choosing cake."
For some unknown reason, Kamito found himself being severely berated by the ladies.
"S-Sorry..."
The three of them had always bickered when in training, but in these situations, they were always in full understanding.
Rinslet summoned a waitress, and one-by-one ordered those cakes and desserts with names that would accidentally make one bite their tongue.
"– And lastly, I'd like four cups of black tea from the Laurenfrost area."
"Yes."
"Ah... e-excuse me, wait a minute!"
Ellis called aloud to halt the waitress, who was preparing to leave.
"Yes?"
"Please add a little whipped cream and honey to my tea, and if you could, add some floating marshmallows as well."
"Uh... I'm sorry, esteemed guest, but our shop does not serve such a kind of drink."
"I-Is that so? Can you not make an excepti – oooh!"
Halfway through her sentence, Ellis stopped.
It was because Rinslet was pinching the back of her neck.
"Hey, what are you doing!"
"Oh my god, have you no shame! I don't like saying such things, but the Fahrengart family must really have no class!"
Rinslet was very particular about tea brewing, and so forbade Ellis from randomly adding ingredients as she wished.
"So what if you're from the Laurenfrost family, it's just a countryside noble family with more land, that's all!"
"Y-You wouldn't dare...!"
An intense mini-blizzard blew up beside Rinslet.
"N-No matter what, I don't care, if it's not sweet I won't drink it!"
"If that's so, why didn't you simply order cocoa just now?"
"Don't you think cocoa's a little too childish?"
"Only childish people would call cocoa childish!"
"Okay, okay, stop arguing, the cakes are here."
Claire lightly poked Rinslet's shoulder and said.
"Hmph... no matter, next time I'll teach our Captain how to drink tea."
"Sweet things are just nicer..."
Ellis said in a half-challenging manner through pursed lips.
Not long after, the dazzling array of desserts were delivered to their table.
Placed in silver containers, each of the cakes and breads looked like an exquisite art piece.
At the sight of them, the anger of the two aristocratic girls vanished and was replaced by expressions of joy.
"I can't help but feel that... to eat something so beautiful would almost be a waste."
"These snacks are made by the very best chefs representing our empire."
As Claire spoke, she opened her mouth wide and took a bite out of the peach pie.
"Waaah... it really is delicious!"
"This raspberry cream puff also tastes extraordinarily refined and delicious."
"Mmmm, there's probably some sweet wine added to this sponge cake... I must try that next time."
Kamito listened to the girls' comments, then put his own cake into his mouth.
"Oh, it's delicious."
Although he was no food connoisseur, the sweet taste in his mouth did give him a rich and noble feeling.
But, compared to this –
Looking at the joyous expressions on the girls' faces made Kamito feel inexplicably happier himself.
"Kamito, what is it?"
"Huh? Oh..."
Kamito was jolted out of his daze, only to find Claire suspiciously staring at him. He quickly averted his gaze and feigned ignorance.
"To think that this stall will be dismantled immediately after the Blade Dance, what a pity!"
"That's just how it is. But... there's a shop in the empire, so we will definitely have a chance to visit again."
"Mmm, next time we go, we must be sure to take Fianna... and Est."
Kamito looked down at the spirit seal on his right hand and murmured.
"Kamito ..."
"Kamito-san..."
At this, Ellis and Rinslet raised their heads.
"—Est will return, I promise."
Claire spoke in a calm but confident tone of voice.
"So... just trust in her and wait for her to return. The only person who can help her out in this way is her elementalist – you."
"... Mmmm, you're right."
Kamito nodded – and then mused:
... Partners will make one stronger – that probably refers to this feeling I'm having now.
Three years ago, the strongest blade dancers were indeed very swift and strong.
Solely in terms of skill as an elementalist, he was unrivaled.
But these physical powers were fragile and would easily be crushed by a strong blow; they were strengths developed through loneliness.
The Kamito in the past had no one to rely on.
After losing Restia, he was left only with eternal despair.
Now, however, I have friends willing to support me.
So my heart will no longer shatter.
I will not sink into despair again.
... Thus far, Est has saved me many times.
Kamito clenched his fist on the table.
– So, it's my turn now. No doubt about it: I will save you.
The most important Sanctuary in the entirety of the floating island Ragna Ys—the Grand Hall of the Wind Elemental Lord—was located atop a hilly area. It was some distance away from the building where the blade dance participants were.
This white building was made from a combination of the best-quality materials and cutting-edge technology. The huge construction covered the whole of the hill; one could appreciate its majesty even from outside of the floating island.
It was not only the place where the wind spirits listened to the spirit king's decrees to the holy land, but also where princess maidens from the «Divine Ritual Institute» chosen by the various nations would practice their devotions. Therefore, even the nobility of the country would absolutely not be allowed to enter.
However, at that very moment time, there was a lady outside the gate shouting anxiously:
"Please do me a favor! Grant me an audience with Reicha-sama–!"
She was individually seperated from the team of five in order to work separately from Kamito – Fianna.
Wearing a rare serious look, she pleaded with the guard standing at the gate.
"You really don't give up do you."
The middle-aged guard regarded Fianna with unfriendly eyes.
Her face clearly expressed her stubbornness.
"Please withdraw. Our «Divine Ritual Institute»'s gate will never open simply for any one, let alone getting an audience with Reicha-sama. Your requests will absolutely never be granted."
The guard uttered a statement she had probably repeated many times before.
... This is so infuriating! These people are as stubborn as ever!
Fianna cursed impatiently to herself.
Having said that, she had in fact expected such a reaction from the start, because the person she wanted to see was not someone who would meet with just anybody.
If I could borrow her strength, it would certainly be enough to break the curse on Kamito. But...
The guard looked down at Fianna, not bothering to conceal her expression of contempt.
Evidently, she had not the slightest inclination to open the door.
... Well, I did know the reason ages ago.
Refusing to give up, Fianna bit down on her lip.
The one she was thinking of was the Annihilation Spirit princess that had betrayed the Fire Elemental Lord – Rubia Elstein.
There had been high hopes placed on Fianna to be successor, but the incident with Rubia had left indelible horrors in her heart, causing her to lose the power of summoning contract spirits, and with that, her status as princess maiden.
And so Fianna Ray Ordesia became a lost princess maiden, thoroughly disappointing the people who had had great expectations of her and discrediting the «Divine Ritual Institute».
... You narrow-minded people, who only know how to put in superficial effort, really disgust me.
Even her own parents—The Areishia emperor and empress—and the various nobility were all no different.
When Fianna was still the princess maiden successor, these people had flattered her in every possible way. Once she had lost her contract spirit powers however, they immediately scorned and disdained her, changing their attitudes faster than one could turn the page of a book.
Of course, not all of them were like that. It was just that the «Divine Ritual Institute» organization had decayed under the weight of its long history, and so indeed had a darker side.
Seeing Fianna's stubborn refusal to leave, the guard shook her head and said:
"I do not wish to continue wasting my time on you."
Having said this, she turned and went back into the temple.
"Wait a minute—"
Fianna quickly moved to catch up with her, but—
"Aaaah!?"
Suddenly, a fierce wind rose and blew Fianna off her feet.
Fianna and Claire were different in that they had not received special combat training for elementalists. Too late to protect herself, she fell heavily to the ground.
"... What!?"
She saw something stand at the doors – a magical wind spirit that looked like a winged lion.
It was a Guardian Spirit; it made contracts with not elementalists, but buildings. This very building, was in fact—the true sanctuary.
"It appears impossible to break through the front gate..."
Fianna glared at the Guardian while nursing a scrape on her lip.
A sword fell in mysterious darkness.
This shining, beautiful sword, swallowed by a sludge-like nothingness, was gradually losing its light.
– How strange. What on earth is happening to me?
Nonetheless, this sword apparently still retained its self-awareness.
Although the disappearance of her physical body had affected her, damaging her memory –
Her memory of that last event was crystal-clear.
She remembered his warmth as she embraced him with both hands on his back.
And, for just the briefest instant, the touch of their lips against each other.
Then – a harsh voice calling out her own name.
...K-Kamito!
Her radiance all lost, the sword slowly sank in the bottomless darkness –

After leaving the cafe, Kamito and the others took a stroll near the port.
Surrounded by the three lovely ladies, Kamito still received quite a few stares from passers-by that made him feel uncomfortable, but since they were some distance away from the centre of the shopping street, the situation was much better.
"Can we take a look in that store?"
Rinslet's outstretched hand was pointing at a stall that specialized in selling aristocratic dresses.
"No problem." "Yeah, I don't mind."
Claire and Ellis nodded in agreement.
"Rinslet, are you buying clothes now?"
Kamito asked, puzzled. As the Blade Dance would begin tomorrow, she would not have many opportunities to wear anything else other than her uniform.
"I'm not buying them for myself; I'm getting them for Carol and my little sister."
"Your sister?"
"Yes, my sister specially came to watch me show off my talents."
Rinslet fluffed her long hair happily.
At that moment, the maid Carol had arrived at the port ready to greet the girl Rinslet was talking about.
"Oh, turns out Rinslet has a little sister too... I imagine she must look just like her older sister; she must be a beautiful, pleasant child."
"K-Kamito-san, w-what nonsense are you spouting..."
At Kamito's casual thoughtless chatter, Rinslet blushed, embarrassed.
"M-My sisters are very good-looking as well!"
"My sister Velsaria is a beauty too!"
"Uh... why are you guys suddenly saying all these..."
Claire and Ellis felt an inexplicable sense of competitiveness.
"Well, I'll wait patiently outside. Call me when you're done."
As Kamito turned to leave, Claire tugged on his sleeve to stop him.
"You have to come in with me."
"... Why? This shop only sells girls' clothing, doesn't it?"
"I-It doesn't matter... we have to stay together."
"Well... Hey...!"
Kamito was forcibly pulled into the shop by his sleeve.
The shop was unexpectedly spacious. In addition to fashionable clothing, it also sold items like underwear.
"Well then, let me first pick out something for my sister."
Rinslet happily disappeared into the shop.
"Kamito, wait here for me... I'll go try something on."
"Try something on?"
"... U-Uh, I mean, so you can help me make a decision."
Claire's cheeks flushed.
... Oh, I get it.
Kamito was struck by a sudden understanding, and could not hold back a smile.
Having grown up in a sheltered aristocratic family, Claire was probably not used to choosing her own clothing.
... Nonetheless, it's hardly a good idea to ask me for advice.
"I'd be glad to help... but I take no responsibility!"
"It doesn't matter, I just want your thoughts."
Claire lifted her two ponytails proudly, smiled sweetly and said:
"I want you to admire me after my gorgeous makeover."
"I look forward to it... But, with so amazing a model, I'm sure any clothes you pick would look good."
"... S-Stupid! You're talking nonsense again!"
Claire flushed at Kamito's teasing and left with her face red.
At the instant Claire left Kamito's side –
... Good opportunity!
At a corner of the shop, Ellis was silently shouting to herself.
Now all the hindering people were out of the way.
Of course, as a Knight, Ellis prided herself on her honesty and nobility.
Normally, she would never take such actions behind the backs of the other two.
However, some things were too important to concede.
Now is the perfect time!
Ellis firmly pursed her lovely lips.
Upon further reflection, ever since arriving on this floating island, she had always been half a beat slower than the other two.
The outfit she wore to purify herself in the lake was the plain competition swimwear, the evening gown she so painstakingly prepared was no match for Claire's superior beauty, and even just now, she had been slower than Claire and Rinslet to hold Kamito's hand, and had to settle for his arm.
I-I absolutely must find some way to improve my position right now...
Ellis secretly shot a look towards Kamito's side profile.
It was a face she was very used to seeing; nevertheless, it set butterflies aflutter in her stomach.
To think that at first she held prejudices against him just because he was a male elementalist.
She had thought he would destroy the strict discipline of the Academy, and that he was an enemy of hers.
However, things had changed.
Kamito... I –
A new emotion budded in the heart of this young girl, who had previously known only of a strict education.
She still could not figure out what this unknown feeling was.
Nonetheless –
Kamito, I would love to find out more about you...
Ellis stroked the ribbon her sister—Velsaria—had given her.
She felt doing that would help her muster her courage.
Suppressing her rapidly throbbing heart, Ellis took a step forward.
A tug.
"Huh?"
Feeling a pull on his sleeve, Kamito turned his head and saw –
Ellis, who was red-faced, had her hand on the sleeve of Kamito's uniform.
"Ellis... what is it?"
"That... c-come with me!"
"...?"
Tugging at Kamito's cuffs, Ellis pulled him into a small room partitioned off by curtains.
It turned out to be a dressing room with a huge mirror.
"W-What are you doing!?"
"K-Keep it down! Do you want to be blasted into crabmeat butter croquettes?!"
Ellis unsheathed her sword with a hiss, leaving Kamito with no choice but to raise both his hands and nod in submission.
"... But, why are you bringing me into a dressing room?"
"Uh, uh, actually... i-it's because I want you to comment on the clothing I try on."
"Comment on clothing?"
"Right. It's a rare opportunity, so I'd also like to buy some clothes. It's just that... I'm ashamed to say I don't exactly know much about girls' dresses."
... Oh, so she wants me to give her some advice?
Something isn't right. Claire and Rinslet are both here, so why pick me?
"If it's girls' outfits you need help with, I think it's better you ask the shopkeepers."
"... Oooh, I-I just want to know what you like!"
"Oh... so that's what it is..."
At Ellis's ferocious glare, Kamito could not help but take a few steps back in fear.
"...Well, all right, what clothing would you like to try on, Ellis?"
"Ah... uh, right now I'm torn between these two pieces –"
Ellis coughed loudly –
Then took out two different articles of clothing and presented them to Kamito.
"Oh, so it's a choice between black and white..."
The cloth before him was dotted with intricate lace flowers.
The fabric was smooth and gave off a sense of quality. It should probably be silk? The upper edge was also lined with lovely lotus leaf decorations –
"... Hey, isn't this underwear!"
Kamito spat, repelled.
No mistake about it, what Ellis was holding was indeed a set of high-class underwear.
"Well, answer quickly... w-which one do you like!"
Ellis herself seemed embarrassed; as she asked her question, her face flushed bright red.
"Y-You want me to choose..."
Kamito swallowed.
Ellis's face bore an extremely serious expression. She did not look like she was joking in the slightest, but was genuinely wanting Kamito's advice.
On the one hand was pure and lovely white.
On the other was mature, sophisticated black.
Ellis is a high-spirited, brave and heroic Knight Captain... common wisdom would say to pick white, I guess.
... No, precisely because of this, reverse thinking might be better.
For an honest and pure girl like Ellis, if she wore mature and womanly black underwear... the contradiction would certainly be arousing.
"Kamito, h-hurry up and decide, please! This is really embarrassing."
"Oooh, I know..."
Kamito nodded hastily and made his decision:
"... I would choose the black, I think the mature black underwear suits you well."
"Y-Yes, really... On days where the difference between winning and losing is critical, I'll often wear black underwear."
Ellis nodded, apparently satisfied.
Say, that time he had accidentally peeked in on the girls changing clothes at the Sylphid Knights' general meeting , Ellis had also been wearing black underwear... which means to say there had been some important game that day?
"T-Then I'll get this, next I just need to make sure it's the right size."
"Mmm, then... I'll leave first –"
Kamito sighed in relief and started to move out of the dressing room. Then –
"Oh no... that rascal Kamito, where on earth has he gone now? I clearly told him to wait here!"
Kamito suddenly heard Claire huff.
Surprised, Kamito quickly shut the dressing room curtain he had just half-opened.
... This is terrible!
If Claire found him and Ellis nestled in the dressing room together, he would certainly be burned to a crisp.
Kamito quickly turned to tell Ellis about Claire being right outside –
"E-Ellis... what are you doing!?"
Kamito could not help but stare, wide-eyed and tongue-tied.
In the blink of an eye, Ellis had already taken off her uniform and put on the set of underwear.
"Aaaaaa –"
"... Wow!"
Seeing Ellis on the verge of shrieking, Kamito quickly covered her mouth with his hand.
"Mmmm..."
He used his momentum to push Ellis's whole body against the wall, then whispered in her ear:
"Don't make a sound... Claire's nearby."
"...!?"
Ellis's eyes widened in surprise.
"... Kamito? Where on earth has he run off to?"
Claire was searching everywhere; by the sound of her voice, she was very close.
Even the slightest movement would give them away.
The duo huddled against the wall, barely daring to even breathe.
"..."
"..."
A little sigh of relief escaped from between Kamito's fingers over Ellis's mouth.
Through her underwear, he could feel the softness of her huge bosom. Kamito felt as if his furiously beating heart was loud enough to be heard.
E-Ellis's chest was really something...
Her tender breasts wobbled and changed shape as his arm pressed against them.
For some unknown reason, moist ripples were swimming in Ellis's pair of brown eyes as well.
... Like this, they passed tens of seconds, that felt like forever.
Claire had probably gone somewhere else, since her voice could finally no longer be heard.
"...Whew."
It appears the crisis had been averted. A weight lifted from Kamito's shoulders, and he caught his breath.
"K-Kamito... you...!"
Ellis quickly moved away from Kamito, and sharply glared at him.
"W-Why did you suddenly do that!"
"... I'm sorry, it was an urgent situation, I'm so sorry."
While apologizing profusely, Kamito turned away from the underwear-clad Ellis.
"Uhm... Never mind, in any case it was I who asked you to help me pick underwear in the first place."
Ellis softly cleared her throat, shyly lifted her eyes in Kamito's direction and said:
"Oh – Oh yes..."
"What is it now?"
"Do you think t-this underwear really... looks good on me?"
Ellis rubbed her attractive and alluring thighs against each other while shyly asking.
"Ah, I think it looks good. How should I say it... I feel excited when I look at it."
"R-Really...!"
At Kamito's candid answer, Ellis's lips curved upwards in a happy smile.
"Excellent... Then at the critical moment, I will be sure to wear it."
"... Critical moment? Oh, you mean the competition that starts tomorrow."
"I hate you... That's not at all what I meant!"
As if she wanted to be purposely difficult, Ellis pinched Kamito's arm.
... That Ellis could actually say something like "I hate you" was adorable.
After departing the dressing room, Kamito, feigning as if nothing much had happened, tapped Claire's shoulder and said.
"– Claire, sorry to have kept you waiting."
"Y-You rascal, where did you go! I was looking for you everywhere!"
"Sorry, I went outside the shop for a second... Oh, the dress you're wearing is very cute."
"Huh... R-Really? You really think it's very cute?"
A puff of hot air emerged from the top of Claire's head, and her two ponytails bobbed up and down.
She was wearing a white dress of a more mature style, that was also cut very low in the front.
Truthfully speaking, the chest area of the dress looked a bit collapsed, but Kamito intentionally neglected to mention this point. Additionally, leaving aside the issue of whether or not the dress was suitable, Claire was as lovely as ever.
"Hmph... Well, never mind. From now on, I forbid you to come and go anytime you wish. You're to stay by your master's side, got it?"
"All right, I get it."
It seemed like he had successfully managed to appease the Hell Cat maiden.
Fortunate to have avoided being burnt to a crisp, Kamito let out a sigh of relief.
"Ho ho, looks like you bought something revealing by accident."
"W-What's the matter with me, why would I go so far as to buy such provocative underwear..."
As the other two waited at the front of the stall, Rinslet finished shopping for her sister and Ellis bought her underwear. The task completed, they headed towards the Biblion, a short walk away from the port.
Situated on a slightly raised plot of high land, it looked like a huge citadel from the outside.
Like the tower where Kamito and the others were settled at, this building had also been repaired through ancient relic restoration.
In terms of sheer size, the Biblion could not compare to the library of seals, the pride of the Areishia Spirit Academy, but it was home to many ancient rare collections and even legendary forbidden books.
Such a place was one where they were likely to find a way to destroy the «Brand of Darkness» eroding Kamito, or even a clue as to how to bring back the disappeared Est.
As Kamito and the others entered the building, the sight that greeted them was that of innumerable bookshelves, each as high as the ceiling.
"This library sure is huge..."
"We'll take charge of researching the «Brand of Darkness». Kamito, go look for clues on Est – there should be quite a bit of information here about legends of the Demon Slaying Sacred Sword."
"Oh, okay."
Kamito nodded to show his agreement, then walked to the bookshelf that held records of legends from all across the continent.
On his way there, low murmurs of the «Divine Ritual Institute»'s princess maidens whispering to each other floated into his ear.
"Quick, look, it's the male elementalist." "He's the pervert we've heard rumors about?" "Careful, don't look at his eyes, you'll be defiled!"
W-Why do even the princess maidens in the Sanctuary know of those rumors about me?
Kamito sighed heavily and began searching for documents about the Sacred Sword.
Meanwhile, Claire and the others, led by the librarian, had entered the sealed archives located underground.
After all, the curse Kamito bore was one even Fianna—once the second-best princess maiden of the «Divine Ritual Institute»—could not destroy.
As such, it would be a waste of time to simply browse literature on general spirit magic. Therefore, after some thought, the girls decided to instead focus their research on the forbidden books in the sealed archives.
The forbidden books covered quite a diverse range of content; for example, some held confidential information on the curse-bearing seal—a technique many countries had now banned the research of.
"Given the nature of that curse, it might be something similar to the curse-bearing seal."
"That is a possibility... Furthermore, there are also signs that Ren Ashbell's Alphas Theocracy is secretly conducting research on the curse-bearing seal –"
"While we're at it, it might be better if we investigated the Alphas Theocracy as well."
One by one, Claire and the others began flipping through the forbidden books displayed on the shelves.
Although they were all aristocratic daughters from distinguished families, just their princess maiden status alone would not get them access to these forbidden books.
All of them could have access to these books only because of their particular situation—they were participants in the Blade Dance.
"Records of the punitive expedition of S-rank spirits in a deep sleep in the spirit forest... nope."
"Data on the curse-bearing seal collected during the time of the Blue Baltic War... Oh, this one might contain a clue."
"... Ancient Taboo Magic... This book should be useful—Ahhh!?"
While looking through the collections, Ellis let out a shriek of shock.
"Ellis, did you find a clue!?"
"What's happened to you? Why is your face so red?"
"N-Nothing! It's nothing at all –"
"...?"
Claire stole a glance at the book was Ellis holding open.
Then –
"Ah ah ah! W-What is this!"
Claire blushed hotly as well.
The picture on the book was a portrait of a princess maiden in a very indecent position.
The taboo ritual magic—this book's content was so explicitly realistic that even Claire, who had a soft spot for provocative romance novels, could not help but take three steps backwards.
"N-Nasty... this is simply too obscene!"
"Captain, you pervert!"
"N-No! I was looking for books about rituals and accidentally took this one, that's all!"
From the way Ellis was hurriedly shaking her head in denial, one could tell this noble Knight girl had been quite shocked.
"..." "..." "..."
They were silent for a while.
Looking at the taboo book before them, the girls swallowed nervously.
"I say... w-why don't we flip through it briefly and take a look?"
Claire proposed a suggestion, a note of slight hesitation in her voice.
"... T-That could be good, there might be something useful in there, you never know."
"Y-Yes... one can't deny there is such a possibility –"
Rinslet and Ellis both nodded, but averted their glances, not comfortable with looking at each other.
Claire nodded and psychologically prepared herself, then began flipping through the book with trembling fingers.
Then –
"... Wow!? W-What is this thing! I-I don't understand..."
"What's going on... b-blindfold him, and then do something like that... aaaah!"
"Is t-this... a man's... thing?"
"Put it i-in one's mouth... and... a-also lick it?"
"T-To go as far as to put that in between one's breasts... ewwww... h-how could one be willing to do such a thing!"
"..." "..." "..."
These girls were relatively innocent, and would be shy to merely hold hands with a boy of their own age.
The impact of peeping into the unknown world left them suddenly speechless.
The only sound to be heard was the flipping of pages, echoing in the silent sealed archives.
In all honesty, all three of them thoroughly enjoyed what they saw.
While Claire and the others were getting excited in the underground archives –
"... Whew... when I finish reading these, I will have died of exhaustion."
Kamito moved the heap of documents onto the table and began his investigation on the legends of the Sacred Sword.
The Demon Slayer Sacred Sword—also known as the «Sacred Sword of Severian», was a highly prized sword of legend.
The source of this name came from the Sacred Queen—Areishia Idriss's legend.
She was the wielder of the «Sacred Sword», as well as the one who vanquished the demon king.
There was no one on this continent who did not know her name.
Surprisingly, however, most people knew only the name of Areishia Idriss, and not the truth of her exploits. Furthermore, future generations had embellished many of her legends, such that the truth was virtually impossible to know.
... All right, never mind, the great Sacred Queen isn't important.
His immediate priority right now was the «Sacred Sword» she wielded.
Only paying attention to phrases related to the «Sacred Sword», Kamito flipped through the document quickly.
A «Sacred Sword» able to vanquish the Demon King was definitely no ordinary weapon.
The most likely argument was—the Sacred Sword had in truth been created from high-level spirits.
After eliminating the Demon King, the Queen Areishia had apparently sealed the contract spirit that had fought alongside her all the way in one of the swords inside the castle of the devil king.
The sword used to seal the spirit, the sword that she had relied on to do all this, was the «Sacred Sword of Severian».
As for the reason why Areishia would want to seal her own contract spirit inside the sword—no one knew. Similarly, there was much speculation as to her whereabouts after she eliminated the Demon King, but no conclusive answer.
Kamito closed the book, speechless..
The conclusion is... we still cannot say anything for certain; what is unknown is still unknown.
Although they had accessed a wide range of documents, virtually all of them contained only hearsay with no basis in fact.
As for the spirit forest that Est had originally been sealed in, he could not find anything more detailed than what was already in the library of seals.
– Having said that, however, Kamito had not had high hopes in the first place.
However many similar documents I look at, there is no way to bring Est back.
Moreover, whether or not Est was the real Demon Slaying Sacred Sword did not matter. To Kamito, she was his important partner, a point that would not change regardless of anything.
"Est..."
Kamito gently stroked the spirit seal on his right hand.
Est, with dazzlingly beautiful silver-white hair, virgin milky white skin, and a face that usually held no expression, until Kamito stroked her head; she would then narrow her eyes in a smile to show her pleasure.
... Est will surely come back to me.
To believe in her wholeheartedly and await her return – that was all Kamito could do for her now.
Kamito got back to his feet, picked up the pile of documents with both his hands and prepared to return them to the shelves..
Just as he finished putting all the books back to their original display positions –
"– You are Kazehaya Kamito?"
Kamito turned in the direction of the sudden call.
"Oh my god!"
The young lady before him was one he had met before.
The reason for Kamito's inadvertent shocked scream was because he really did not want to bump into such a person.
"What the – is that a greeting you thought up yourself? Kazehaya Kamito?"
The girl frowned unhappily.
With thick bright shoulder-length black hair, she had an icy kind of beauty.
The girl was wearing a beret inlaid with the crest of a flying dragon, as well as a black military uniform that gave her a majestic aura and suited her very well.
She was also staring coldly at Kamito, through her glasses, with a strong and forceful gaze.
She was a contestant from Dracunia, Leader of the Knights of the Dragon Emperor – Leonora Lancaster.
In this Blade Dance, she was among the more promising elementalists and favorites to win the tournament.
However, she was also a dangerous girl who was seeking to physically deal with Kamito's lower half.
"Y-You fool, what are you doing here?"
"What a stupid question. Obviously, I'm gathering intelligence on other countries' teams."
Leonora pushed at her spectacles with her middle finger, gave Kamito an exasperated look and replied.
So that was it... Indeed, there were some documents in her hands. Despite possessing power few other players could rival, she still put in the effort to find out about her competitors – she truly was a formidable opponent.
Kamito then raised a question about another thing he had realized:
"You didn't wear glasses before, did you?"
"... You really are a worse pervert than the rumors say, if even such subtle changes cannot escape your notice."
"Uh... is this a subtle change?"
... If it were a change of hairstyle, he might not notice, but glasses were rather difficult to overlook.
"I only wear them to read. My eyesight is actually quite poor. I use spirit magic during the blade dance to strengthen my vision."
The Dragon Knight maiden stared at Kamito coldly, and continued:
"Say it directly if you wish... say I don't look good in glasses."
"Ah...? Not at all, I think the look suits you, I think it's very cute."
"W-What nonsense are you saying! You pervert with a glasses fetish!"
"What now..."
The sudden and inexplicable scolding left Kamito squinting and mumbling in confusion.
Leonora cleared her throat and replied with a question of her own:
"And you, why are you coming to a place like this?"
"... Ah, uh, because I wanted to investigate some things."
It would be a disaster if his competitors came to know about him losing Est.
Kamito gave a vague answer hoping to evade the topic, but –
Leonora suddenly turned her gaze towards the shelf Kamito had returned his books to.
"So, the thing you're investigating has to do with your contract spirit?"
"... Ah!?"
Surprised, Kamito instinctively struck a combat pose to fend off an enemy.
"... Even you guys know about it?"
"Are you referring to – your blade spirit's disappearance?"
"..."
Leonora's frosty gaze seemed to pierce right through Kamito.
"Sorry, I took the liberty to spectate the battle between you and the military spirits."
"... So that's how."
Apparently, she had seen the full course of the battle between the crowd and Muir Alenstarl.
At that time, in order to prevent anyone from becoming aware of the battle outside, Ren Ashbell had laid down a large-scale Isolation Barrier around the tower, but it had not deceived an elementalist as powerful as Leonora.
"So you just silently watched Claire and the others get hurt?"
"Did I have an obligation to enter combat to rescue them?"
"This..."
Kamito forcibly swallowed nasty words of accusation.
She did indeed have a point. By no means was she obliged to extend a helping hand to a rival team's elementalists.
"You are too naive. The «Blade Dance» is no friendly contest, it is a symbolic war with matters of national prestige and prosperity at stake."
Her line of reasoning was quite correct.
The victorious country of the Blade Dance would receive all manner of blessings from the Elemental Lord – the influence of this was large, and could even affect the fortunes of the entire country.
Furthermore, the Dracunia Knights were surely not the only ones who had watched the skirmish on the side.
"In any case, I'm sure you guys loved watching us beat each other bloody."
She was not to blame – although Kamito understood this in his heart, he could not keep the harsh words from escaping his mouth.
"No... in fact, regarding the disappearance of your blade spirit, I'm also very sorry."
Shaking her head, Leonora spoke up unexpectedly.
"I could feel that spirit had strength to equal my Dragon Slayer Sacred Sword – as a knight, I had very much hoped to do battle with you at your peak condition."
Looking at her sincere expression, Kamito's response was –
"Leonora, you're mistaken."
"Mistaken?"
"Est has not really disappeared. Also... her real strength is far more than you know."
"... Oh, if that's so, I'm sorry."
Leonora smiled and nodded in understanding.
It was perhaps an illusion, but in that moment, her pupils seemed to change color.
"I don't intend to go easy on you, though. As the saying goes in our country— «The dragons of Dracunia will go all out to take down even hunting lions» —I will do everything in my power to defeat you."
"That's fine... show me what you got."
Kamito replied indifferently, but sighed bitterly to himself:
This girl really is a rival...
Leonora Lancaster possessed solid power, and could stand up to the strongest elementalist in the Academy – Velsaria.
The «Nidhogg» she summoned was a dragon spirit that could, in a single blow, instantly vaporize the military spirit that attacked the flying ship. The extent of its power was hard to comprehend.
However, that was not where the true power of this dragon girl lay.
Although she also had overwhelming strength, it did not make her arrogant. She was not complacent or careless even against weaker opponents – this impeccable temperament was her most threatening weapon.
With things in their current state, with Est lost, they really could not fight her.
"Well, if you insist –"
All of a sudden, Leonora abruptly pushed Kamito against the bookshelf.
"... You!?"
Kamito just barely stopped himself from shouting.
A pair of upwardly curving eyes regarded Kamito from beneath glasses.
The faintly sweet smell of shampoo tickled Kamito's nose.
"... W-What do you want!?"
"Wasn't it you who just said 'show me what you've got'? Kazehaya Kamito."
Leonora held her index finger to Kamito's lips, and stepped even closer to him.
Her perfectly bouncy breasts pressed tightly against Kamito's arm.
... This... this one's chest really is unexpectedly big!
She probably dressed to cover her figure, like Ellis.
... I'm so stupid, this isn't the time to have such nonsense thoughts!
Although the two of them were hidden by bookshelves, there were several princess maidens nearby. If they were caught, they would surely be sent to the Divine Ritual Institute's council for this delinquency.
"Your heart's beating faster, is my body getting you excited?"
"D-Doesn't that go without saying? To be held so tightly by s-such a cute girl as you –"
"... C-Cute? Me?"
The dragon girl stared with wide eyes in surprise.
"That's the first time... any man's said something like that to me..."
"A-Anyway, let me go!"
"How will that do."
"... What do you mean?"
"As I just said, «The dragons of Dracunia will go all out to take down even hunting lions». After seeing your battle against Muir Alenstarl last night, our country's military personnel made an emergency decision to change our strategy against you.
"Strategy against me?"
"Which is to chop off your thing before you sink your evil clutches into any of your princess maiden Knight teammates."
"That's your state policy!?"
Kamito could not help but roar.
Dracunia... that country was more terrible than he had even imagined.
"But our military also came to another conclusion – as you are the only male elementalist in the world, it would be a terrible pity to have such an outstanding bloodline end just like that."
"... Oh, I think I understand what you mean."
Kamito said under his breath, rolling his eyes.
In simple terms, they were currently in a situation commonly known as the Beauty Trap.
"Obediently grovel at my feet – Kazehaya Kamito."
Leonora was whispering sweet words that turned one's head numb.
T-This girl, she really has completely changed from last time...!
Previously, Kamito only had to accidentally brush against her chest for this Dragon Knight maiden to faint; she had originally been more innocent than even the Academy girls.
Even if it was because she had been ordered to do so, how did she manage to tempt Kamito like this?
The girl before him – seemed to be an entirely different person.
"Hey, are you even..."
At that moment, Kamito suddenly realized –
Leonora's originally black pupils now had a smoky red coat, as if burnt by a flame.
... What's going on?
Just when Kamito was frowning in thought –
"You really are a stubborn man who refuses to obediently submit, contrary to what the rumors say..."
Leonora picked the skirt of her uniform up by both sides, and slowly lifted it upwards.
"... What!?"
At this, Kamito's heart involuntarily started to throb.
Accompanied by the sound of cloth friction, her skirt approached even closer to the edge of modesty.
For some unknown reason, although it had already long passed the warning line – her panties were nowhere to be seen.
"Hey... y-you're going to expose your panties!"
"You needn't worry, as servants of the dragon, we Dracunia princess maidens... don't have the habit of wearing panties."
"How is that nothing to worry about!"
Indeed, he had heard of elementalist princess maidens choosing not to wear underwear to enhance their connection with their spirits.
"Abandon resistance, then proclaim your eternal loyalty to my country."
"P-Please stop...!"
In pace with the rubbing sounds of fabric, in only a second, her skirt would be completely lifted. Then –
"Y-You two! Wh-Wh-Wh-What unspeakable things are you doing!"
"...!?"
*Gogogogogo...!*
It was none other than –
Claire, her shoulders quivering and her two red ponytails bristling in anger.
"D-Disgusting... that you would think to do something so immoral and depraved in the sacred Biblion..."
"We left you alone for just a moment, and you take the opportunity to do such a thing!"
Ellis and Rinslet were also glaring at Kamito furiously.
"N-No, it's not what you think! It's..."
"Disturbed by hindering nuisances..."
With a sigh, Leonora swiftly separated herself from Kamito.
"... Leonora?"
Kamito looked at her, puzzled, and realized something –
Sometime ago, the burnt smoky red glaze on her pupils had disappeared, to be replaced by the original black.
Additionally, the look on Leonora's face suggested that the something possessing her had just disappeared.
"I'm very sorry, just now the «Dragon Blood» in my body seemed to have awaken carelessly."
"«Dragon Blood»?"
This strange word left Kamito puzzled.
However, Claire's alert ears twitched.
"– Then... We'll continue some other time. The next time we meet will probably be on the battlefield."
Leonora turned and quickly marched, military-style, from the scene.
"..."
Kamito watched her image move increasingly further away.
"... Go on, speak... You rascal, what were you doing with that woman?"
Claire questioned Kamito coldly.
"I bumped into her accidentally, and we just shared some idle chat about the main event tomorrow... I swear."
"... Ooh, is that so? Forget it."
"Have you found out anything about Est?"
"No, there was nothing useful... what about you, any findings?"
Kamito returned the question, then –
The three ladies blushed tomato-red.
"W-We found nothing!"
"Right! A-And also, we definitely didn't peek at any taboo magic books, oh!"
"T-That is...!"
"...?"
At their distraught reactions, Kamito frowned in confusion.
It was sunset by the time the group left the Biblion.
On the return carriage, Kamito asked Claire:
"Hey, remember the «Dragon Blood» Leonora talked about just now? What is that?"
"... About that, I've only ever heard rumors."
Resting her cheeks on her hands, Claire mused:
"That's a specific kind of constitution... It's said that people with «Dragon Blood» will very rarely be born as princess maidens in service of the dragon. Legend has it that when the «Dragon Blood» awakens in the princess maiden's body, she will become one with the «dragon»."
"Become one with the «dragon»?"
What on earth did those words mean? It was difficult to understand.
However, what he could say for sure was that – Leonora had obviously become a completely different person just now.
To think that such a noble Dragon Knight would actually become like that...
Recalling the touch of her soft breasts set Kamito's stomach aflutter.
"Hey... Kamito, you aren't thinking nonsense, are you?"
"N-No, I'm not... just thinking that Leonora is quite the formidable opponent, that's all –"
"R-Really, yeah, if it were that girl's chest... she should be able to put it in between!"
"Between? Between what?"
"O-Or, you could say... unless you mean, your measurements are so large that even that girl would not be able to fit it...?"
"... What?"
Confused, Kamito looked towards Ellis and Rinslet, sitting opposite, and for some unknown reason, they were both red-faced with embarrassment.
Oh well, never mind...
Kamito lowered his body slowly onto the carriage seat.
Gazing out the window at the scenery, he noted the sun setting gradually into the hills.
The main competition of the Blade Dance, the war, would commence tomorrow.
It would be a long day, full of arduous Blade Dance presentation.
Today was the last day he would have so much leisure time to enjoy with his teammates.
At this thought, Kamito inadvertently reached out a hand to touch her – his partner sword, usually always hanging at his waist.
"..."
However, his hand met only emptiness.
He could feel not even the slightest pain from the spirit seal on his right hand.
The sword, luster all lost, fell for what felt like eternity through an endless darkness.
She was not dormant, yet not conscious, only silent and still.
Whether to call this feeling peace or torture varied from person to person, but truth be told, these additional definitions were meaningless – stillness was stillness.
The sword sank in the pitch-blackness; it was a world with nothing bar darkness.
Kamito...
Her power almost all lost, all the blade spirit could do was to call his name.
Kamito... I am your sword, so –
The spirit whispered, and at that moment –
Out of the darkness suddenly shot a dazzling light.
The figure that appeared in the light was – a naked, pale-skinned, silvery-white-haired maiden.
She looked just like Est in human form.
– Who are you?
The sword asked the girl before her.
I am the consciousness of the one... previously known as the «Demon Slayer Sacred Sword».
The silvery-white-haired girl answered, her expression blank.
You... are me?
Yes. You are me – whereas I, am you complete.
At her answer, Est finally understood the true identity of the girl.
You are my «body»... right?
Yes, I am your higher physical presence.
The girl nodded, expressionless.
She was the highest-level blade spirit with overwhelming power – the real Demon Slayer Sacred Sword.
When Est had made an incomplete spirit contract with Kamito, she had split into two individuals.
Perhaps it was because Est had lost her power and was on the verge of disappearing that the loop joining the two of them could once again reconnect.
I cannot stay for much longer.
The girl who looked exactly like Est gently stretched out her right hand to her –
And commanded in a cold expressionless voice:
I command you to immediately destroy the contract with Kazehaya Kamito, and come back to me.
For her, this was a request there was no denying to.
After all, Est's contract with Kamito was in the first place an informal, happenstance event.
Because the Demon Slayer Sacred Sword had not originally intended to make any contracts with elementalists.
Even she herself did not know why she had let herself become the contract spirit to that boy.
These conflicting emotions split to form «Terminus Est» – this was the origin of the other Est.
However, now that the contract «gate» between Est and Kazehaya Kamito was closed, she could take advantage of this time to fuse back the missing piece «Terminus Est».
Unexpectedly –
... I-I refuse.
The sword—Est—turned down the outstretched hand of the Sacred Sword maiden.
The sword cut through the surrounding darkness, and pointed its tip towards the girl's throat.
– You refuse?
I do not... I do not want to break my contract with Kamito...
You are merely a part of me, yet you want to defy my wishes?
I am the sword of Kamito, not something of yours.
Est expressed her desire to refuse clearly to the maiden.
– I understand, it seems... that elementalist has germinated in you the seed of self-awareness.
Again expressionless, the girl said quietly.
Her silvery white hair, which exuded a faint light in the dark, whipped up violently.
But I do have to tell you, Est... you—or I should say, I—do not have the right to become the sword of any person.
... I don't understand what you mean?
Because my existence itself is a kind of sin.
– Sin?
The sword could not understand the meaning in the girl's words because, in the moment that she contracted with Kamito, she lost most of the memories she had in common with her original body.
The present Est was left with a handful of incomplete past memory fragments.
As well as the memory of the short period of time spent with Kamito and the others.
Recall it, the sins that you – and I – must bear.
The silvery-white-haired girl gently touched the tip of the sword.
In an instant, memories flowed like a fierce torrent into Est's mind –
Recall it, the events with the very first person to contract with me... Areishia Idriss.

Kamito and the others returned to the tower just before the sun had fully sunk past the horizon.
As with yesterday, there was a ball in the great hall of the tower. This one had nothing to do with the commencement ceremony, however; it was simply an activity organized for the aristocrats, so there were virtually no elementalists participating. As they were to do battle in the main tournament event the very next day, they were simply not in the mood to go to something as frivolous as a ball.
Kamito returned to his own room and gathered the things he would take with him tomorrow.
The items he put into the bag included some easy-to-carry food and a lantern made of spirit crystals, and other necessities for survival in the forest.
As the rules of the game limited the weight of things he could bring with him, the items had to be carefully selected
"The individual fight three years ago was much easier than this..."
At that time, Kamito only had to concern himself with beating the opponent immediately in front of him.
However, this time, he would have to make plans to ensure the survival of all his group members.
Because alone, Kamito was no match for Ren Ashbell.
No... as things were right now, without Est, he probably did not have enough power to beat even Leonora Lancaster and the other elementalist teams.
"... I must not become a burden to the others."
Kamito muttered to himself. Then –
From outside the room came sounds made by lovely girls.
"Wow, so beautiful! My sister's hair is really pretty!"
"Ah ah... Mireille, don't pull my hair!"
... That was Rinslet's voice.
"What is it?"
Kamito opened the door and walked to the hallway –
And saw a little girl playfully tugging at Rinslet's hair.
"...... Rinslet, what're you doing?"
"Ah... Kamito-san!?"
At the sound, Rinslet turned her head in surprise.
"Kamito?"
The little girl playing with her hair turned to face Kamito too.
Just like Rinslet, the little girl also had a head of gorgeous pale gold hair.
The white dress she was wearing contrasted very nicely with her clear emerald-green eyes.
The little girl looked to be about seven or eight. While she was still young, she looked extremely cute, and somewhat alike to Rinslet.
"Oh wow, it's Kamito onii-chan! Look, I see Kamito-chan!"
Grinning widely, the girl took big strides towards Kamito –
And, with a bump, buried her head in Kamito's tummy.
"Ahhh... what!?"
Stunned, Kamito could not respond, but Rinslet hastily ran over, saying:
"Mireille, you cannot do that! You are a lady of the Laurenfrost family, how can you display such thoroughly indecent behavior! "
"It doesn't matter, Kamito-chan will soon be Mireille's brother-in-law anyway."
"... What?"
Upon hearing the girl's words, Kamito could not help but frown in puzzlement.
"M-M-Mireille! W-W-W-What rubbish are you saying!"
"Huh? Doesn't sister always write in her letters to me... ooo, ooo..."
Rinslet quickly put her hand over the girl's mouth.
Kamito scratched his head and said:
"... Uh, this kid... is Rinslet's younger sister?"
"That's right. My name is Mireille Laurenfrost, and I am the third daughter of the Laurenfrost family."
Breaking free of Rinslet's grasp, the girl curtsied to Kamito like a perfect aristocrat.
Her lively emerald-green eyes danced cutely.
When she grew up, she would surely be a noble beauty, just like Rinslet.
"I am Kazehaya Kamito, teammate of Rinslet –"
"I know, little pet dog of your teammate and my elder sister, right?"
Mireille smiled sweetly and said.
"L-Little pet dog, what the hell?"
"M-Mireille! Stop talking nonsense!"
Rinslet quickly hushed her, but Mireille simply wore an innocent look and continued:
"Huh, that's not right? Then, is it... boyfriend?"
"O-Of course not! H-H-How can he be... b-boyfriend..."
The elder of the two sisters clapped her hands to her cheeks, her face so red that she looked about to go up in smoke.
"Oooh... elder sister is embarrassed now, how cute!"
"... Hmph, I h-hate you, stop speaking nonsense to bully me!"
Rinslet gently patted Mireille on the back.
Looking at the two of them, Kamito could not hold back a smile.
... Silly Rinslet, losing all dominance before her little sister.
While this scene was indeed hilarious, to be mistaken for Kamito's lover or girlfriend was certainly not very nice for Rinslet.
Kamito gently placed his hand on Mireille's head.
"Ai!"
Mireille squealed as if she was being tickled.
"I am neither Rinslet's pet dog, nor her boyfriend. You shouldn't vex your sister like that."
"... Oh... uh-huh. Kamito-kun, I'm sorry."
Blushing slightly, Mireille nodded.
It seemed that, like her sister, she was a naturally honest and good child.
"Oooh... you didn't have to deny it so thoroughly..."
For some unknown reason, Rinslet pursed her lips and bore a slightly unhappy expression.
Then –
"It can't be Kamito-san, the one who captured all three of us young ladies with your sweet talk..."
"Carol!? When did you come –"
The maid, who had appeared out of nowhere, smiled and chuckled.
At Carol's words, Rinslet stared at Kamito in astonishment and said:
"K-Kamito-san... n-no, I will not have a threesome with my sister!"
"Rinslet... Are you thinking of rude indecent things?"
Rinslet took a step forward and reached out as if to protect her sister, while Kamito rolled his eyes at her.
"I-I think, if I'm together with my big sister... I don't mind doing anything at all."
This little sister was really something, to say such odd things.
Carol cleared her throat, pinched the back of Mireille's neck and said:
"All right, Mireille-san... your elder sister has things to do, so let's be good and go back to our room."
"Oooh... but I still want to play more with Kamito-kun."
Seeing that Mireille was about to defiantly shake her head in refusal, Carol whispered in her ear:
"Be good, you mustn't disrupt your sister's private time!"
"Oh... t-true. I see, Carol."
Mireille abruptly stopped her fuss and grasped Rinslet's arm tightly.
"Sister, I'll be cheering you on tomorrow, you must save Judia and bring her back!"
Her innocent, smiling expression suddenly turned very serious.
Opposite her, Rinslet also nodded with a look of firm determination.
"I know, leave it to me."
Mireille gently released her sister's arm, broke out into her original smile, and turned towards Kamito.
"Kamito-kun, after the Blade Dance ends, you must come visit our Laurenfrost area."
"Mmm, I know."
"If Kamito-kun could really be my brother-in-law, that would be so great..."
"Huh?"
With those words, which left Kamito shaken, Mireille –
Exited from the other end of the hallway, accompanied by Carol.
"I h-hate her... taking care of this little sister really gives me a headache..."
"But Rinslet is an elder sister who really knows how to take care of people."
"B-But of course, I am after all the eldest sister of the house."
Rinslet rumpled her long hair, a little embarrassed.
Kamito suddenly grew curious about the name Mireille had mentioned in passing.
"Oh yes, who was that Judia person you two were talking about just now?"
"..."
A dark cloud passed over Rinslet's face.
"S-Sorry... did I just ask a question I shouldn't have?"
"N-No, not at all!"
Lowering her gaze, and shaking her head, Rinslet said:
"Judia is my other sister, the second Laurenfrost daughter."
"So you have another sister."
"Mmm. She's now in the Laurenfrost castle, in a long unwakeable sleep."
Tearfully, Rinslet told the whole story to Kamito.
The second daughter of the Laurenfrost family, Judia Laurenfrost, was originally a highly ranked, excellent princess maiden of the «Divine Ritual Institute». However, just a few years ago, while performing a sacrificial ritual towards the Water Elemental Lord, she made a mistake. In a fury, the Elemental Lord imprisoned her in a curse of never-melting ice.
The Earl of Laurenfrost had recruited elementalists from all over the empire in an attempt to break the curse, but to no avail. Despite possessing the power of a variety of high-level spirits, they could not break the curse.
After that, Judia had lain unmoving, dormant in a deep sleep..
"... a curse of the Water Elemental Lord? That must be something no human elementalist can break."
"Yes, there remains only one way to save Judia."
Clenching her fists, Rinslet continued: "That is the reward of the Blade Dance victors – the Elemental Lord's blessing. My «wish» will be for the Water Elemental Lord to have mercy and bestow his forgiveness, to let me save Judia."
"Rinslet..."
Her words rekindled a fire in Kamito's mind.
Yes, it's not just me...
Claire, Ellis, Fianna... and Rinslet as well. His partners in the «Blade Dance» all had a strong unshakeable motivation.
The disappearance of Est, right before his very eyes, had dampened Kamito's spirits and made him a little more withdrawn.
However, he could not afford such excuses.
Resting both his hands on Rinslet's shoulders, Kamito told her:
"Rinslet, we absolutely must achieve the final victory."
"Y-Yes, you're right!"
Rinslet blushed and smiled happily.
Probably because she usually preferred to wear a stubborn, haughty look, Kamito felt that this candidly smiling Rinslet looked immensely adorable.
"Well, Kamito-san... I'll head back to my room and get ready."
"Sure."
Rinslet shyly turned and dashed towards the other end of the corridor.
"... Well then, I too will continue my preparations."
Kamito shrugged his shoulders and started back towards his room. Then –
"Hee hee... Kamito, you're just as popular as ever."
"Fianna!?"
Fianna was standing at Kamito's door, and appeared to have been there for quite a while.
"How was it? Had a good date with Claire and the rest?"
The second royal princess smiled and teased Kamito.
"... Date? Not at all, that was just –"
Midway through his sentence, Kamito stopped, not knowing how best to continue.
From an objective point of view, it did indeed look like a date... maybe.
Furthermore, it looked like an outing of a frivolous womanizer with three pure, untarnished beauties.
At Kamito's reaction, Fianna sighed, dumbfounded, and said:
"Ah... I see Kamito now is not just a devil at night, but a devil in the daytime as well."
"... Devil in the daytime, what's that?"
"Never mind, it was I who got you guys to go out and have fun... from now on it'll be my turn to show you my moves."
"... Your turn, your moves? What do you mean?"
Kamito tilted his head, not understanding.
Fianna suddenly looked serious.
"I found an acquaintance who can break the curse on you."
"Really!?"
While Kamito and the others were touring the streets, Fianna had been searching for people who could destroy the «Brand of Darkness».
"... Fianna, thank you very much."
"You're welcome ... However, there still remains one problem."
"A problem?"
"As she is a high-ranked princess maiden, I cannot simply ask her to leave the Grand Shrine, so meeting with her will be a bit difficult. Thus, I will need you to come with me personally, Kamito."
"... Oh, so that's it? Of course I can go with you."
"Wonderful. So, without further ado, can I please ask you to hurry and change your clothes?"
"Change my clothes?"
"Yes, I recall that Kamito... you seem to be very good at dressing up as a girl?"
– A few minutes later.
Before the mirror in the room stood a dark-haired girl.
"..."
"... This is too surprising, I never expected it to be so accurate."
"You rascal, don't tell me you're actually pleased..."
"N-No such thing, it's just our only solution."
Fianna gazed into the distance, trying to brush over the issue.
She's definitely enjoying this...
Kamito muttered testily.
Indeed, the reflected girl in the mirror was Kamito, wearing the ceremonial outfit of the «Divine Ritual Institute».
There was a black wig on his head and makeup powder on his face.
With even a layer of pale cherry-colored lipstick on his lips, he looked the very picture of a young maiden.
"What a beauty... Although your outline is a little different, such beauty is unmistakable... You truly look like the former Ren Ashbell. If you walked the streets looking like this, you will certainly be the subject of much talk."
"H-Hey... could you keep it down –"
Kamito instinctively looked around.
Although they were indoors, there was no guarantee; the walls had ears.
Upon seeing Kamito's embarrassed countenance, Fianna smiled sweetly and said:
"However this outfit really is a masterpiece. It's so pretty I want to call everyone over to feast their eyes on it."
"... Please don't!"
Kamito desperately pleaded with Fianna, as if begging for his life.
"Oh... careful, with such loud cries, you'll be heard by people in the corridor."
Suddenly, just at that moment –
From the other side of the door came the sound of something dropping on the floor.
"...!?"
Kamito turned in the direction of the sound –
"Ka-Ka-Kamito!? W-what in hell are you doing!?"
It was Claire, an expression of shock and horror on her face. Scattered on the floor were things that had fallen from her hands.
"C-Claire!? Y-You're mistaken, it's not what you think – ah!"
Kamito rushed forward, wanting to explain himself.
However, in his haste, he tripped over the hem of the garment and fell, and the chest pad fell out of his chest and tumbled to the floor
... Everyone was silent for several seconds.
"Uh... Well, this..."
Breaking the silence, Claire opened her mouth and said:
"N-No, it doesn't matter... I don't mind! O-Only... I was just surprised to suddenly find out that you have such a hobby. U-Uh... everyone has their own hobbies, after all!"
"That's what I'm saying, you're mistaken!"
Kamito drew himself upright and explained loudly, but Claire played the fool and pretended not to hear.
"Y-You don't have to hide, it's all right! That... you look very appropriate in that, and I think you look pretty dressed as a girl. Although this hobby is something you probably don't want to make public, I support you, Kamito; I'm rooting for you, yeah!"
"I don't need your support!"
"Ha ha... Kamito, that's fantastic."
Fianna laughed, watching the duo.
"Fianna... I beg you, help me explain this to Claire, please."
"Well, I have no choice... I would have liked to see more of this good show."
"... What do you mean?"
Claire gave her a puzzled look.
"It's a long story... Kamito and I are about to sneak into the Grand Shrine, to ask a high-ranked princess maiden to destroy the «Brand of Darkness» on his body.
"You mean... the Grand Shrine?"
At this, Claire's jaw dropped in shock.
That was a perfectly understandable reaction. The Grand Shrine was after all the most holy area of the entire floating island, not accessible to even Blade Dance participants.
"W-What do you intend to do there! Don't you know that there are very powerful guardian spirits keeping watch over the place?"
"Obviously I don't plan to storm the front gates! We will enter through a secret passageway; therefore, I need Kamito to take on the appearance of a princess maiden."
"But... t-this is too dangerous..!"
"Then, you tell me, is there any other way to rid Kamito of the curse?"
"T-That..."
Seeing Claire at a loss for words, Kamito gently placed a hand on her head.
"Ah! ... W-What are you doing!"
"Don't worry, I won't be as clumsy as to get caught."
"..."
In response, Claire bit her lip nervously –
"Well, all right... I know..."
She nodded reluctantly.
"However, in that case, I have to come along too."
"That won't do. The fewer people sneaking in, the better. And Claire, your hair color simply stands out too much."
"Claire, are you worrying about me?"
"Stupid! O-Of course not."
"Rest assured, I will return Kamito safely to you in one piece."
"... Oooh... I w-wasn't even thinking anything of the sort!"
"Ha ha... Well then, I'll leave you to mind the house. Kamito, let's go."
Fianna waved goodbye to the furiously blushing Claire, who then –
Rushed over.
She pressed her soft chest to Kamito's arm.
"Hey hey! Fianna!?"
Butterflies in his stomach, Kamito blushed.
"Oooh... S-So what... Kamito you idiot!"
Claire rushed out of the room in tears.
In this part of the floating island, Ragna Ys, was a chain of vast underground caves.
No one alive today knew when it had been constructed, or even for what purpose.
There was a figure standing at this place where even the highest ranked princess maidens were ordered to stop.
She was the girl in the bright red mask – Ren Ashbell.
She was in an area carved into a square space.
A stark contrast to the natural caves surrounding it, this room had obviously been built by man.
The small stone room was in fact the sacred True Sanctuary.
The Grand Shrine erected aboveground was merely there to provide a majestic appearance.
There was a rotting smell wafting about the place.
The masked girl was staring at the black sarcophagus placed in the middle of the room.
The mere presence of the sarcophagus gave its surroundings a sinister and ominous air.
"– I have searched for you for a long time, Ren Ashbell."
Out of the blue came the childish voice of a young maiden.
A gray-haired girl slowly walked out of the darkness.
She was Muir Alenstarl.
She, who had been missing since the battle last night, was the second-ranked «beast» in the Instructional School.
"It seems that the fourth person is finally here. Lily is fetching her here now."
"Is that so? That princess really brings trouble to other people."
The one they were talking about was the fourth member of Team Inferno – Sjora Kahn. She and Lily were different from Muir in that they had not been picked by Ren Ashbell's own people, but were elementalists appointed on recommendation by the religious Alphas Theocracy.
The Alphas Theocracy had not provided Ren Ashbell with any information on Sjora's abilities, because Sjora's other responsibility was to monitor all of Ren Ashbell's actions.
"Muir Alenstarl... You looked for me only to talk to me about this?"
"Of course not. Let me ask you... you fiend, what have you done to my brother?"
Muir asked severely, as if a knife had been stabbed into her neck.
"You are dissatisfied with how I unleashed his full power?"
"It should be Muir's responsibility to awaken my own brother."
"It was not my intention to deny you that, but because of other reasons, I had no choice but to speed up the initial plan."
Ren Ashbell shrugged her shoulders, seemingly without any second thoughts.
"And if my brother's body cannot bear it, what do you intend to do then?"
"If so, it will mean that he does not have the right to be the one to succeed the Demon King – that's all."
"What are you saying...!"
At this, Muir's expression turned sharp and murderous.
"You can't accept that? Then next time... wake him using your own hands."
After saying that, Ren Ashbell tossed Muir a small, delicate ring.
"... And this is?"
"I got this «Mythical Class» ancient artifact from the old fogeys at Alphas. The three military spirits sealed within are all weapons that were scrapped by the international guidelines."
"Do you think Muir will be so easily bribed by this toy of yours?"
"This is merely a token of our good friendship; please accept it."
"... Hmph, I'll just watch and see how long you can endure this."
While putting on the ring, Muir glared angrily at her.
"Although Muir is helping you for now, I am not like Lily. If you dare lay a hand on my brother again, I will kill you without mercy."
"Whatever... Go ahead, if you can."
Ren Ashbell easily shrugged off Muir's ferocious glare, then –
Turned again towards the black sarcophagus.
"Speaking of which... What are you doing here?"
"A resurrection ritual."
"... Huh? What's that?"
"Bringing spirits of the dead back to the living world – the Institutional School regards this as the most forbidden act of all."
"Bringing spirits of the dead...?"
Ren Ashbell was placing a chain of jewels on the sarcophagus.
That was the «Blood Stone» – found only in the original spirit world, such a highly prized spirit crystal contained power that ordinary spirit crystals could not possibly rival.
Next, in a clear bright voice, she started singing a chant that sounded like a curse.
"O Nether World Elemental Lord, I humbly beg you to call back the souls of the seeds of darkness – "
From behind the mask came some hard-to-understand spirit language.
If there had been princess maidens from the Institute there, they would certainly be very surprised.
For only the highest ranked princess maidens were permitted to sing the High Ancient language.
Bump, bump – from the black sarcophagus came sounds like a heartbeat.
Suddenly, the bright red «Blood Stone» shattered!
Then –
Sizzle... Hiss... Sizzle
With tiny movements, the lid of the sarcophagus slowly opened, and from the resulting small crack – emerged something!
"W-What on earth... is this...?"
Muir Alenstarl could not help but flinch at the repellent, horrifying sight before her eyes.
"He is the previous Ren Ashbell – Nepenthes Lore."
Ren Ashbell's voice echoed brightly in the stone room suffused with the smell of rotting flesh.
"He is also – the fifth member of «Team Inferno»."

"I never imagined that... under the Sanctuary, there are actually such enormous caves!"
"Yes, I don't think even the princess maidens at the «Divine Ritual Institute» know that these caves exist."
Holding in one hand the spirit crystal to light their path, Kamito made his way through the gigantic underground caves.
These caves, made by unknown men, were practically big enough to contain the entire Grand Shrine.
In between the stalactites were massive spiderwebs, bats danced in flight over their heads, and swarms of little bugs on the ground made Fianna shriek involuntarily.
"Your highness, are you all right?"
"I... I am but the esteemed second princess of the Empire... H-How can these mere bugs scare me... Aaaaah!"
"Why be so stubborn... Hey, watch your step."
As the princess let out a shrill scream of fear, Kamito grasped her hand tightly.
"K-Kamito? Wh...?"
"It's a man's duty to protect a woman... Or do you mean to say you dislike holding boys' hands?"
"N-No, it's not that... It's just..."
"Your shriek just now was actually quite cute, you know."
"... I-I hate you! You're so mean, Kamito..."
At Fianna's pouting expression, Kamito could not help but laugh.
Although she liked to tease Kamito mercilessly, once this princess was given a taste of her own medicine, she would immediately reveal her pure and shy original side.
"Oh, that's right... Why would you know of such a place?"
"When I was still studying at the Institute, I came to this floating island as part of a ritual for the Wind Elemental Lord. A senior told me of this place."
"A senior... Who's that?"
"The Calamity Queen – Rubia Elstein-san."
"... What?!"
At that, Kamito let out an uncontrollable yelp.
"You are old friends with Claire's older sister?"
"Yes. I don't have many close friends, and she... used to be one of them."
Fianna's expression suddenly darkened and grew lonely, and she muttered in the past tense.
"Here, even the highest ranked princess maidens are ordered to stop, so I too don't know why she would know of these caves—" Right at that moment...
"Shhh... Don't say a word!"
Kamito stopped in his tracks and whispered to Fianna.
"What is it?"
"... There's someone nearby."
"How is that possible!? Only I know about th—"
Midway through her sentence, Fianna hastily fell silent.
Because she, too, had noticed the sounds of people talking.
—And if... body cannot bear it, what... do then...
—If so, it will mean... does not have the right to... that's all."
The words reverberated through the caves.
Because of the way the cave walls reflected sound, there was no way of telling how far they were from the speakers.
However, Kamito was certain that he had heard the voice somewhere before.
"That's Muir Alenstarl... So the one speaking to her must be—"
Kamito held onto Fianna’s shoulders protectively, and took a deep breath to control his emotions.
"Why would that bastard be here..!"
No mistake about it – the one talking to Muir was indeed Ren Ashbell.
—The very person who carved the «Brand of Darkness» on Kamito, and the very person responsible for the disappearance of Est.
"Damn it..."
If he had been in any condition to, Kamito would have rushed up to confront her.
However, Kamito currently lacked even the ability to summon spirits for battle.
Furthermore, he could not put Fianna in danger.
Kamito could hence only suppress his feelings of anger and aggression, and remain silently in hiding.
The pair's conversation finally ceased.
"... I think they've left."
"Yeah."
Kamito let down his guard, took a breath and said:
"—What... on earth were they just doing?"
"I imagine... maybe performing some kind of ritual magic."
"Ritual magic?"
"Indeed. I heard what sounded like chanting in spirit language, but it sounded a little different to ordinary spirit language... It felt a little sinister, and it made my hair stand."
Fianna's shoulders quivered in fear.
"Why choose such a place to perform ritual magic—"
Kamito furrowed his brow in confusion.
"Hmmm... Say, Kamito?"
"Yes?"
"H-How long are you planning to hug me for?"
"S-Sorry!"
As Fianna blushed furiously, Kamito hastily let go of her.
"Oooh... What's wrong with coming along, Kamito you dummy!"
Back in her room, Claire muttered to herself unhappily while collapsing on her bed.
As Ellis and Rinslet were both with their families, who had come to cheer them on, Claire was alone with Scarlet in the house.
"Stupid..."
Casting her face downwards, Claire clutched her pillow tightly.
They definitely had valid reasons, and even, in a manner of speaking, no choice but to leave her by herself.
... However, she couldn't help but feel lonely, as if she had been abandoned by her teammates.
"Who knows... what the two of them are doing..."
As they had left the room, Fianna had even pressed her bosom against Kamito's arm.
Kamito had looked a little surprised, but... how should she say this... seemingly not too repelled either.
"E-Either way, whatever that rascal does with that lascivious princess, it's none of my business..."
... Nevertheless, the bothersome feeling was still gnawing away at her chest.
"... Boys, do they all like big-chested girls?"
Perhaps it was what she had seen in the forbidden books in the Biblion, which detailed a wide variety of rituals involving the bodies of princess maidens, but Claire found herself even more self-conscious about her unimpressive chest.
"S-So unbelievable... That one would actually wedge t-that sort of thing in between...!"
Just the mere passing thought of it left Claire so embarrassed she blushed hotly.
"Put in between..."
Rub rub. Squeeze squeeze.
As a test, she gently rubbed her own tiny breasts.
... It was no good. With such a small chest, it was impossible for her to hold such a thing as illustrated in the book.
The most she would be able to do was rub it on the surface—
"Aaah... W-What nonsense am I thinking!"
Her face red, Claire clutched at her pillow wildly.
"Meow—?"
"S-Scarlet! G-G-G-Go away!"
Claire threw her pillow aside; startled, Scarlet fled from the room.
"..."
She was now truly completely alone in the room.
"... Why don't I... t-t-try out what was written in that book?"
Claire swallowed.
The forbidden book mentioned earlier also contained a method to enlarge one's chest.
Making use of the intelligence that had allowed her to achieve such stellar grades in the Academy, Claire took advantage of a moment when Ellis and Rinslet were distracted to memorize the contents of the script.
"... I-I have to try it to know whether or not it'll really work."
She cleared her throat and removed a small stone from her bag.
A low-level «Thunder Spirit» was sealed within that spirit crystal. Although this type of spirit crystal was expensive, it was also not especially rare; its original purpose was to scare away wild forest creatures.
Claire put it on her white underclothes, and through the cloth gently massaged her chest.
"Mmm..."
The sharp tip of the stone rubbed against her chest painfully, but Claire told herself to be brave and bear it.
She focused on her fingers, concentrating her Divine Power in the spirit crystal.
The normal way of using it would be to summon a burst of Divine Power into it, releasing the spirit sealed within. The trick to this method seemed to be to input Divine Power in a slow, more controlled manner, which would need much more skill – however, this was child's play for an elementalist as talented as Claire.
"Th-This will really enlarge my chest..? Aieeee!"
The sealed spirit suddenly began responding, releasing weak sparks of energy into Claire's body.
The intoxicating comforting feeling made her tremble right down to her fingertips.
"W-What is going on... Uhhh... Aaaah!"
Claire twisted about making noises, pressing the still-sparking spirit crystal against her chest.
"Aaaa-aaah, mmm, aah-ha, aah... oooh..."
Unable to bear the intoxicating pain, she grasped her bedsheets in her fist and gasped deep breaths.
"I must b-be strong, so that my c-chest will get bigger... Aaaah!"
Suddenly, an even stronger jolt of energy surged through her, causing Claire to tremble uncontrollably and lean her body backwards.
W-What now, I c-can't stop..!
As the sweet pain coursed through her, Claire felt herself begin to lose consciousness.
"—What, you rascal, so you'd like me to do these things to you?"
For some unknown reason, at that moment, an image of Kamito floated into Claire's mind. The imaginary Kamito was even looking at her with an expression like in her favorite romance novels... a cool, cruel, haughty expression.
"O-Of course not! Stupid... Stop now, don't go on any more!"
"Oh... You really wish for me to stop?"
"Huh? .... Aaaa!"
"Look at you, what are those sounds you're making? You really are a dirty young miss."
"Oooh, mmm... W-Who says... Aaaah..."
"Why don't you admit your true feelings, young lady?"
"What t-true feelings... aaaah... ohhh!"
"Uh... That..."
"... Whew... oooh... Kamito, you stu..."
"That... Claire-sama?"
"... Huh!?"
A voice beside her ear jolted Claire back into reality.
Outside the door stood a youthful princess maiden holding a box.
"Waaaah... W-What are you doing!?"
"I-I'm sorry for disturbing you! The door wasn't locked, so—"
The girl nodded in profuse apology.
"C-Can I help you with anything?"
Claire sat up primly, cleared her throat and asked.
"Yes, indeed, someone requested I give you this—"
The girl placed the box in her hands on a rack beside the door.
The box was marked with a seal that Claire was very familiar with.
"This is from Headmistress Greyworth... What could it be?"
Claire opened the box. Inside were huge quantities of books and documents.
"– You mean to say, you had a dream about Sacred Queen Areishia?"
"Mmm... I just can't seem to forget about it, that's all."
In the pitch-black cave –
Kamito walked along with Fianna while telling her of his dream earlier that day.
That dream – in which Sacred Queen Areishia used the «Demon Slaying Sacred Sword» to vanquish the Demon King.
Kamito somehow felt that the contents of the dream might have had something to do with Est.
"That would indeed be a memorable dream..."
Fianna put a hand on her chin and thought for a moment, then said:
"Perhaps... What happened was Kamito's thoughts and feelings mixing with Est's."
"What does that mean?"
Kamito only knew a little about these academic matters, but Fianna was once an outstanding princess maiden, so she was very knowledgeable in these areas.
"It's not unusual for elementalists and their contract spirits to have a mental connection in their dreams. Especially when the «gate» between them cannot be opened, such a phenomenon will become even more common."
As Fianna talked, she gestured with her index finger.
"When I lost my connection to my contract spirit, I would frequently dream of a knight charging forth on the battlefield."
The rider in her dream was probably the spirit «Georgios» she commanded. By the looks of it, even if the elementalist lost their power, the connection between the two did not break completely.
"That dream – you don't say it's part of Est's memory?"
If that were true, Est was really the true Demon Slayer Sacred Sword?
"Mmm... To be sure, the picture should have been formed by the mixing of Est's and Kamito's memories – "
Saying this, Fianna suddenly stopped in her tracks.
"I can understand what you're feeling... Because the same tragedy happened to me before."
"Fianna..."
Kamito also stopped and turned to face her.
The second princess of the Empire, the impending successor to Rubia, the anticipated heir princess maiden. Unfortunately, when she lost the ability to command spirits and became a fallen princess maiden, those around her reversed their attitudes and regarded her only with disappointment.
For the young, innocent girl, that would certainly have been an unimaginable horror.
"But Fianna, you did not just give up because of that."
"That was only because of Kamito's efforts."
Looking at him directly, she replied.
"My efforts?"
"Three years ago, the blade dance you presented gave me, a lost elementalist, renewed hope and inspiration. If not for you, Kamito, I suppose I would still be hiding away in the castle right now."
"You exaggerate too much."
Embarrassed, Kamito shook his head.
"Of course not, moreover... Since then, I have felt towards Kamito—"
At that moment, a group of bats suddenly flew past their heads.
"Aaaah!"
Fianna shrieked involuntarily.
Kamito waved the lantern about, only then did the bats fly away, frightened.
"... All right, it's fine now. That's right... What were you about to say just now?"
"N-Nothing! It was nothing!"
Fianna mumbled to herself as if to shrug the matter off, then continued onwards.
... For a lengthy while after, all was quiet between the two apart from the sound of footfalls.
"Oh, Kamito, you don't plan on telling Claire your true identity?"
Fianna's sudden question came out of nowhere.
"Mmm, forget it... If I caused someone's dream to be ruined, I would never be able to live with myself."
For a longed-for dream to always remain as a dream was the most perfect situation of all.
The strongest blade dancer three years ago was long gone now.
It would be better for "her" to remain merely in the imaginations of Claire and her friends.
"Furthermore... If they were to find out about my habit of dressing as a girl, they would surely laugh at me to no end."
Looking down at his outfit, Kamito muttered to himself.
"Hee hee... Does that mean I'm the only one to share in Kamito's little secret?"
Fianna suddenly let slip a gleeful smile, and clutched tightly at Kamito's arm.
"Hey, watch your step."
"It doesn't matter anyway, even if I were to trip, Kamito will catch me before I fall."
"You rascal... Some princess you are, please be a bit more wary of men!"
"Huh, don't you know? In front of a boy she likes, a princess is but an ordinary girl!"
The princess stuck her tongue out at Kamito mischievously.
Her adorable response made Kamito's heart quicken.
"My dear princess, please stop joking around with me."
"... I hate you, I wasn't joking."
After quite a while, the two of them finally arrived at the secret tunnels of the Grand Temple.
The path overhead was blocked by a giant stone slab, on which were cramped carvings of words in spirit language.
The exit was right here; the courtyard of the Grand Temple was just outside.
"Kamito, may I climb on your shoulders?"
"Sure, no problem."
Nodding, Kamito bent to allow Fianna to get up.
The feel of her tender thighs on the back of his neck made Kamito's heart involuntarily leap into his throat – how he hoped she would not get mad at him because of that.
"S-Speaking of which... I really don't have to hide my face?"
"Something so suspicious would in fact make us more easily discovered. Besides, I'm a girl and even I think Kamito looks very pretty, so you don't need to worry at all."
"Such praise really doesn't make me feel any better..."
Then, Fianna chanted what sounded like a magical curse. The spirit words on the stone shone brightly blue, and the entire slab split cleanly down the middle and opened outwards.
Bright moonlight beamed directly into the dark cave.
Night had already fallen upon the outside world, and a bonfire was burning to light the enormous courtyard.
"—It looks like no one's around, let's go now."
Fianna reached out and placed a hand on the ground, then slowly climbed out.
Kamito leaped up in one bound, and followed closely behind her.
Fortunately, the ritual clothing had a long skirt, so even if Kamito were to look up, Fianna's panties would still be hidden.
"What a pity... I'd even specially worn Kamito's favorite knickers today."
"I-I don't even l-like... suspenders!"
"Oooh, it looks like I've hit upon the truth!"
"Uhhh..."
Looking at Kamito's vexed expression, Fianna broke out into peals of laughter.
After climbing to ground level, the two of them hurried to the stone corridor in front of the courtyard.
"I say... If we're found out, will we have to escape from every single Guardian spirit here?"
"Don't look guilty, and we won't be found out."
The two of them exchanged nervous whispers while walking along the stone corridor stretched out before them.
At that moment, a princess maiden appeared in front of them and began walking towards them.
"Ooh!?l
Kamito's heart jolted, and his facial expression hardened.
The girl drew ever closer, step by step—
Just as they were about to pass each other, she suddenly stopped before them and said:
"Please, where are you headed to?"
"To Reicha-sama's chambers. Reicha-sama says she's feeling unwell, so..."
"Oh, is that so? Sorry for your trouble."
Fianna answered the questioning princess maiden with a calm, composed expression on her face, and the latter then turned and left.
"Look, didn't we just successfully pass this trial?"
"Wow... The bravery of the princess maiden really is something else. I was so scared my heart almost stopped "
For a male to enter the «Divine Ritual Institute» was absolutely unheard of. A rule of such importance had never been broken before.
If they were to be caught, in the best case they would be executed, while in the worst case... Never mind, it was best not to think about it.
"This way."
Fianna, who was walking in front, gestured surreptitiously with her hand.
Following her lead—
"..."
– The pair reached the end of the lengthy corridor, where there were a set of grand doors decorated with intricate carvings.
The decor of this door was noticeably different to the other doors: inlaid on the frame of the door were several very pure and valuable spirit crystals.
"... Uh... Fianna, may I ask a question?"
Kamito inquired, a twitching expression on his face.
"What is it?"
"This door wouldn't happen to be... Never mind, I guess it goes without saying..."
"Indeed, it's just what Kamito thinks."
Fianna shrugged her shoulders at Kamito naughtily.
"I've no choice... Which other princess maidens are of a higher status than I am out there, other than these ladies?"
"Are you serious?"
"Don't worry, I'm absolutely certain."
Finishing her sentence, Fianna knocked smartly on the door thrice, according to the proper regulations.
The duo waited for a while—
Finally, the grand doors gradually opened.
The sight that greeted them was—
A red carpet that stretched out straight before them, and brightly glittering spirit crystals.
This was a holy space, filled with the aura of somber tranquility.
A thin curtain hung at the far end of the room; behind that was the silhouette of a small slight figure.
"What does the visitor want? I believe I have already instructed not to have my meal—"
The high stately voice rang out into the hall.
However, undeterred, Fianna walked forward and said:
"Long time no see, Reicha. How have you been lately?"
"... Huh?"
The maiden hastily pulled aside the curtain, then – her jaw dropped in shock.
"... It can't be, Fianna-sempai!?"
Reicha Alminas.
She was one of the «Queens» to have gained the honor of serving the five Elemental Lords.
There were only five Queens in the entire continent, and they were the most eminent of all princess maidens.
Although Fianna had said she wanted to bring Kamito to meet a high-ranked princess maiden—
He had never for a moment dreamed that she was referring to a current Queen.
"Why didn't you tell me this before?"
"Because... If I had, you wouldn't have come, would you Kamito?"
Kamito could not hide his conflicting feelings. Likewise, the girl seated beside him was also nervously averting her gaze, and looked rather uneasy.
The girl had glossy black hair neatly done up in braids, and cute eyes like that of a small animal.
Dressed in bright red ritual clothing, she looked like a butterfly about to take flight.
At fifteen, she was a year younger than Kamito. Like Rubia Elstein, she was one of Fianna's few close friends and confidantes while she was at the «Divine Ritual Institute».
She served the Fire Elemental Lord – in other words, she succeeded the Calamity Queen elementalist's position.
Kamito had already introduced himself, removed his disguise, and revealed that he was in truth male.
Upon discovering that Kamito was in fact male, Reicha very nearly fainted on the spot, and only managed to stay conscious thanks to Fianna's eloquent explanations.
"I-I-If I am ungracious, it is because it is my f-first time talking to a male..."
"N-Never mind. I should be the one apologizing, to barge in on you suddenly like this."
Looking at the Queen bobbing her head apologetically in his direction, Kamito also bowed his head in response.
Despite obviously being the highest ranked princess maiden in the continent, she was nonetheless humble and polite.
Due to her rank, Kamito should have used genteel, formal language when addressing her. However, regardless of that fact, she nonetheless looked like an ordinary young girl, so Kamito could not help but speak to her as an equal.
"Hee hee, little Reicha is still as cute as ever."
Fianna smiled mischievously and reached out to feel her small chest.
"Ah – ! S-Sempai, what are you doing!"
"Your chest seems to have gotten a little bigger?"
"Oooh... I-I really haven't...!"
Reicha blushed and twisted her body defensively.
... Even if she was indeed an old friend, to do something like that to a Queen was pushing it a little, wasn't it?
Kamito broke out into a cold sweat and averted his eyes awkwardly.
The two girls reminisced fondly for a while, then—
"Reicha, actually... I have a favor to ask of you."
Fianna made her request with a serious expression.
"A favor – yes?"
Reicha blinked, not understanding.
"Mmhmm, I need to borrow your power, to break the curse on him – Kamito."
"You mean to say this male has been cursed?"
The Fire Queen asked, turning to look at Kamito.
"My blade spirit might have been trapped by this curse. Please save her, I beg you." Kamito placed both his hands on the ground and pleaded with Reicha with all his heart.
"That is a curse so strong that even I cannot break it. However, you have received the blessing of the Fire Elemental Lord; with that power, you can surely destroy even the harshest of curses."
"You are right. If I use the «Sacred Flames of Judgment», any curse will turn into smoke, that's true. But..."
Reicha lowered her head and mumbled.
It was only natural that she would hesitate.
Even on the behest of one of her best friends, Fianna, she was nevertheless a «Queen» who had to follow rules and do things by the book.
Using the Fire Elemental Lord's power for personal gains was an act that would never be condoned.
A long period of silence ensued, and then—
"I know."
"Huh?"
At that, Kamito raised his head and regarded Reicha quizzically.
"Because it is sempai's request, so... But only this once; I will not make this exception again."
The Fire Queen let out a sigh, and nodded her head as if making a decision.
After a while more—
"– Now then, let's begin the ritual."
Reicha, who had changed into a set of pure white ritual clothes, knelt demurely in front of Kamito.
Her serene, assured appearance contrasted sharply with that of the nervous, embarrassed young girl just a while ago; they seemed like virtually two different people.
So as not to disrupt the ritual, Fianna had retreated to a corner of the room to guard them from afar.
"I'll leave everything in your hands, R-Reicha-sama."
"Please, just call me Reicha, Kamito-sama."
The Fire Queen smiled quietly, then caressed Kamito's hand gently.
"Will you be scared – I mean, scared to touch a male's body?"
"... To be honest, yes, a little scared. But... you are a friend of my sempai."
"It seems like you trust Fianna a lot."
"... Yes, indeed. Fianna-sempai was one of the only people to stand by my side."
Reicha mumbled to herself, as if recalling a faraway memory of some past event. The rapport between the two seemed to go deeper than mere friendship.
"Also, I can feel it, you're not a dangerous evil person."
"Is that so?"
"Don't judge me based on my looks and age. I am after all a Queen, and I am quite confident in my ability to assess people."
Reicha said with a genuine smile.
Her smile was full of charm, and could easily mesmerize someone looking at it.
"Now, then, Kamito-sama, please remove your shirt."
"Oh... Mmm-hmm..."
Kamito nodded, and took off the thin tunic he was wearing under the princess maiden dress.
The «Brand of Darkness» on his chest, positioned just above his heart, had turned into a pitch-black wound.
"Ahhh... T-That's really something...!"
Reicha clapped both hands to her cheeks, blushing furiously red.
"T-This is my first time seeing a m-male's body..."
"Oh, is that so..."
Kamito looked away, feeling a little uneasy.
To have his naked body scrutinized so closely by a girl made him mysteriously embarrassed.
"Kamito, your face is very red."
Standing at a side of the room, Fianna said, then immediately coughed a few times.
Reicha stretched out a hand nervously to touch Kamito's chest.
"... Very... very firm and solid!"
"It's alright, it's a result of all the training at the Instructional School..."
The Queen's slim fingers wandered along Kamito's naked upper body, making him itch slightly.
However, where her fingers touched, he suddenly felt waves of aching pain.
Then, Reicha shut her eyes, and solemnly began chanting a curse in spirit language.
"O supreme master of all earthly flames, our harsh judge and great warrior—
These were the words of the prayer for a ritual dedicated to the «Fire Elemental Lord».
Reicha's hair started blowing wildly as if by a hot gust of wind, and a bright white light shone at her fingertips.
"Sacred Flames of Judgment – redeem our sins and cleanse our filth—
The words coming from her thin pale lips were the highest level of spirit language, the High Ancient.
The little girl before his eyes seemed to be possessed.
"... Oooo, uhhhhh...!"
Kamito let out uncontrollable moans of pain.
The bright blue flames from Reicha's fingertips were burning his skin, scorching his flesh.
"Oww... aaaaaaaa... aaah—!"
The unimaginable pain seemed to morph into the roar of a monstrous beast, which rushed out of Kamito's throat.
He felt a sharp tinnitus, as if fireworks were exploding in his head. Sweat oozed from his every pore, and his muscles tensed so hard as to nearly break his bones.
"Into ash and dust! Your flames can purify all darkness, burn away all curses!"
The «Brand of Darkness» imprinted on Kamito's chest suddenly started burning intensely.
"... – !"
Kamito burst into wordless howls.
In his quickly fading awareness – Kamito felt a dull pain coming from his right hand.
– Could it be... Est's spirit mark...!?
Just as he saw, from the corner of his eye, his spirit mark began radiating a bright light—
Kamito lost consciousness, and plunged into darkness.

In the bottomless darkness, Kamito fell endlessly.
Engulfed by the blackness, Kamito opened his eyes in the viscous darkness.
He could not feel the passing of time – it might have been a few hours, or maybe a few seconds, he had lost the capability to perceive it.
In this space, Kamito found a sword swallowed by the darkness.
It was a beautiful long sword inscribed with spirit language.
Upon seeing the sword, every fibre of Kamito's body awakened.
– It's Est!
He was certain this feeling could not be wrong.
He brushed away the heavy nether entangling him, and approached the sword.
But, the moment his hand touched the handle of the sword –
The sword suddenly emitted a bright dazzling light that pushed away Kamito's outstretched hand.
"What!?"
A sharp pain pierced his fingertips.
This was – an obvious rejection.
"Est... Why – "
"– Kamito, I cannot be your sword."
"I don't understand what you're saying!"
"– Because, I can recall it now. My sins... my unforgivable sins."
"Sins?"
In his mind, this word could hardly be linked with the beautiful, radiant silver sword before his eyes.
"I do not wish to repeat my mistakes, so – "
... This is... What...?
Kamito felt a splitting pain in his head.
A tremendous rush of images flooded into his head.
... A-Are these Est's memories?
This was a story that had happened in the distant past.
At that time, the continent was separated into several tiny countries. It was a time of war and turmoil.
The main characters of the story were the sacred sword of legend and a young maiden.
Areishia Idriss – this girl came from a nameless village by the border.
The shepherd girl had a lovely face, and she was especially proud of her head of brilliant gold hair.
She ought to have grown up normally, fallen in love normally, led a normal life, and found normal happiness.
However, the year she turned fourteen, an incident happened to this otherwise ordinary girl that led people to call her the Sacred Queen.
One day, when she ascended the mountain to pick firewood, she happened upon a sword in the old ancestral hall.
It was a sacred sword that no one in many centuries had been able to remove.
The maiden reached out to lift the sword, completely unaware that a powerful spirit was sealed inside it.
In that instant, a blade spirit emerged from the dazzling glow.
"Who are you?"
The blade spirit's response to the girl's question was:
"I am your sword, milady. I will give myself wholly and completely to my elementalist – you."
The girl did not know why the sacred sword of legend would pick her, a mere ordinary shepherd girl, to make a contract with. However, she innocently accepted this contract.
Truthfully, the girl felt only loneliness.
On the other hand, the blade spirit had no feelings, and knew only to loyally serve its contracted master, the girl.
She was not a typical spirit, but a spirit weapon crafted for use in the war during the Archeozoic Era.
So I have no use for feelings – said the blade spirit coldly.
However, because the girl had lived her whole life as an ordinary shepherd, she could not understand such deep philosophical matters.
That sort of thing isn't important –
The girl was simply happy at having found her first female friend.
"What is your name?"
"My true name cannot be pronounced in your language. However, in spirit language, you may call me «Terminus Est»."
"This name sounds a little long... How about I just call you Est?"
"My name is not Est, it is Terminus Est."
"I'd rather not, it's quite hard to say. It's decided then, your name shall be Est."
The girl broke into a sudden smile, and reached out to pet Est on the head.
"Mistress, please do not do that."
Est protested with a blank expression.
This is the story of what happened after the chance encounter of the Sacred Queen and the legendary sacred sword.
The matter of the contract between the unknown shepherd girl and the legendary sacred sword quickly spread throughout the entire country.
That a young lady with no elementalist heritage could contract with a legendary-level spirit – such a thing was enough to turn the girl into a savior, into a supernatural sacred queen.
As there were virtually no elementalists in that era, people had to endure the havoc wreaked by the revolting spirits.
And so, the girl began using the power provided by the blade spirit to bring peace to the world, by either appeasing – or defeating those spirits.
The people lauded the girl's efforts, and gave her the name of «Sacred Queen».
Regardless of how exhausted or unhappy she was, the girl would always have a smile to encourage others.
There were some who were jealous of her, who despised her, and even those who only associated with her for the fame and glory.
Despite all this, the girl still fought on, sword in hand.
"Mistress, why do you fight for these people?"
One day, the blade spirit asked the girl this question.
Why fight – this was the first time the sword, by nature a spirit weapon, had felt any sort of curiosity towards such matters.
"Because this is something only I can do; therefore I must fight."
"I cannot understand your meaning. But as I am your sword, I will do your bidding, mistress."
"Est... Don't say such upsetting things, you are after all my only friend."
"... Friend?"
"That's fine, let's eat. The bread I baked today smells delicious."
"Mistress, please allow me to repeat – I have no need to consume human foods."
"... It's really lonely eating by myself. Come on, eat with me, please?"
"... If this is my mistress's order, I will obey."
The blade spirit nodded expressionlessly.
However, one could observe a little confusion on her face.
In her heart sprouted a very tiny flicker of – something like an emotion.
The bravery of the girl with the sacred sword slowly became known across the whole continent.
At the same time, the terror of the most vicious demon king plunged the continent into strife and suffering.
The countries united to send out armies to take down the demon king, but they all failed miserably. In the face of the spirit soldiers commanded by the demon king, the countries's armies could only beat a quick retreat.
In the end, the people had no choice but to pin their last hopes on a young lady.
A mere girl of only fourteen years of age, a girl who had not even experienced the taste of love.
"Est, I must fight... I must fight, for everyone who is suffering on this earth."
"Yes, mistress. I am your sword – I will do anything for you."
And so it was that the girl plunged herself wholeheartedly into the bloody battle.
The blade spirit of what would later be known as the «Demon Slayer Sacred Sword» witnessed all this.
She had no choice but to bear witness to the entire series of events – including the tragic conclusion about to unfold.
"– to... Kamito!"
"Mmmhm..."
Kamito opened his eyes to find Fianna looking at him anxiously.
"Kamito... Are you all right?"
"I-I fainted..?"
"Mmm, but just for a few minutes."
"Is that so..."
He felt as if he had been unconscious for several hours, but it appeared as if that was not the case.
Reicha, who was breathing heavily by the side, continued by saying:
"I have successfully removed the «Brand of Darkness» on Kamito-sama."
"... Really?"
"Yes, but..."
Reicha's face fell and she murmured in a low voice.
"I'm afraid Kamito-sama's blade spirit... has not yet..."
"..."
Kamito shifted his gaze towards the spirit mark on his right hand.
The mark that had just been shining brightly was now completely unresponsive.
"Est..."
"Kamito-sama... During the period you were unconscious, did you see anything in your mind?"
"In my mind..."
Kamito rubbed his aching temples, then –
He suddenly seemed to remember something.
A sword, falling in endless darkness.
And being sharply rejected when he stretched out his hand towards Est.
In that moment, Kamito recalled her memories.
He recalled the memory of Est with a girl – the first one she had made a contract with.
What he did not understand, though, was why that memory would make Est reject him.
"Unforgivable sin... was that it?"
... Was that what was trapping Est in the darkness, her unforgivable sin?
"Ooooo.."
Then, Reicha suddenly went limp and fell towards the ground.
"Are you all right!?"
Kamito quickly rushed to support her.
Her slim body lay weakly in Kamito's arms.
"Should we take you to the infirmary?"
"Y-Yes. I'm so sorry, I seem to be a little tired..."
"Ritual magic is very tiring, furthermore just yesterday Reicha had to perform the ritual of listening to the pronouncements of the Elemental Lord."
"I'm sorry... It's all because of me..."
"Don't say that, it's my body that has always been weak..."
As Reicha shook her head in denial, Kamito lay her down on the bed to rest.
"We should make a move, the princess maiden responsible for attending to the Queens is coming soon."
"Mmmhm, I know."
Kamito nodded in agreement, bowed deeply towards Reicha and said:
"Reicha, thank you for saving me. I won't forget this debt I owe you."
"N-No need to be so..."
"We'll meet next time. Then, I'll meet you as the victor of the «Blade Dance»."
Fianna and Reicha, the latter still resting on the bed, grasped each other's hands tightly.
"All right. Although I cannot cheer for teams representing specific countries at the opening ceremony, you can be sure I will be supporting sempai's team in my heart."
Inside the bag that the messenger from the school had sent to Claire's room were the latest updates about their enemies.
"In conclusion, the top priority now should be to formulate a plan of attack for Kamito to take action outside the battlefront."
All alone, Claire paced the empty room while reading the material, thinking deeply about battle tactics.
"Ellis will find it too hard to attack at the frontline by herself, should I also remain at the front or not..?"
Up until now, the plan had been for Kamito to use his overwhelming force to attack at the forefront, while the other four would assist him from the side. However, with Kamito unable to summon Est, this plan simply could not be used.
The alternative she thought of now was to move Claire, who would originally have been in the middle orchestrating the entire assault, to the front, and have her attack alongside Ellis. While this arrangement was nowhere near as likely to penetrate an enemy's defenses as the one with Kamito attacking alone, fire and wind elements naturally complemented each other very well, which gave them much offensive potential.
"But... If so, I'd worry about something happening to Fianna at the rear."
Fianna had received virtually no combat training, and her usual role was to provide assistance from the rear through her rituals, which would increase the power of blade spirits. In the previous plan, Claire would protect her from the centre, but if Claire were to be moved to the front, she would have no way of ensuring Fianna's safety. In that case, all depended on whether Rinslet, who played the dual roles of sniper and support fire, could protect her alone.
"... This plan must also be reconsidered."
Claire crumpled up the piece of paper she had been making notes on and threw it away.
Scarlet helped her turn the waste paper on the floor into ashes.
"I've thought for so long and I still haven't come up with any good ideas..."
Any plan she could think of had an obvious flaw, and none were suitable solutions.
"... Turns out that we have always relied too much on Kamito and Est."
Claire sighed, and turned back to the documents provided to them by the Academy.
Aside from formulating their own strategies, it was important in such a long drawn-out war to also analyze their opponents' situations, so as to take advantage of their weaknesses.
It goes without saying that the opponent we need to be most wary of is –
Claire flipped open the document and looked down at its first page.
What was written on it was – the Team Representing the Religious Country of Alphas.
This document was regarding the strongest of the blade dancer teams – «Team Inferno».
However, the forms on the document were virtually all blank, as they had no way of finding out even the names of the team members.
The only information they had about this enemy's military capability was the elementalist girl who had attacked Claire and the others last night – Muir Alenstarl. Frankly speaking, if there were three other elementalists as skilled as she was on their team... their chances of winning were nil.
"Overall, let's keep this in mind for later consideration."
She put the document on her lap, and began browsing the other reports.
There were a total of twenty-four teams contesting in the Blade Dance. Generally speaking, every country could enter one team, but countries such as the Ordesia Empire, which were large and had many outstanding elementalists, could field several teams.
The Quina Empire in the east and the Island Nation of Robica had two teams each, and the only country other than Ordesia to be represented by three teams was the Holy Kingdom of Lugia.
Of the teams from these countries, the ones they most needed to watch out for were the «Four Gods» of Quina, the «Sacred Knights» of the Holy Kingdom of Lugia, and Milla Bassett – the most talented young elementalist in this iteration of the Blade Dance was representing the Principality of Rossvale as part of the «Rupture Division».
And then there was –
"– Public Enemy Number One... the Dracunia Duchy's «Dragon Knights»."
Dracunia had emerged victorious in many previous seasons of the Blade Dance, and was indeed a strong country with a stellar track record.
And Claire herself had seen Leonora's power up close before.
Her destructive «Death Gaze» – her Nidhogg had displayed immense overwhelming force to destroy the flying craft's military spirits.
The documents supplied by the Academy listed her power as being of AAA grade.
Claire had earned an AA grade while at the Academy, and so had Ellis. Rinslet was A, while Fianna was D. However, Fianna's grade was recorded when she was not officially studying, so it was not an accurate measure. Incidentally, the one who singlehandedly took down «Team Scarlet», Velsaria Eva, was graded AAA.
Of course, because this was an overall analysis done up by lecturers at the Academy, one could not rely wholly on it to predict an elementalist's strength. For example, even though Rinslet was graded one level lower than Claire, when the two of them fought, they were often evenly-matched.
"... In conclusion, it is just a rough guideline."
Leonora Lancaster is a very outstanding elementalist; that was the undeniable truth.
But here in the «Blade Dance», in a gathering of the best elementalists, there was actually nothing exceptional about her.
However... Leonora's file contained something that was particularly noteworthy.
It was information about «dragon blood» – the power she gained from her special bloodline.
Looking at Leonora's new evaluation after the discovery of her special power, Claire could not help but stare, her eyes wide in surprise.
"– S level."
Historically, there have only been a handful of elementalists ever to have earned such a grade. In recent years, the young Greyworth Ciel Mais had been ranked SS level, but that truly was an exception among exceptions.
Leonora's power was first revealed publicly when she was fourteen. She awakened in the trial rally for the Knights of the Dragon Emperor, and in a matter of mere minutes, demolished all other competitors who had also been hoping to join the ranks of the Knights.
According to the booklet, the «dragon blood» power could not be unleashed at will, but was an ability that was almost uncontrollably explosive –
"If at all possible, I hope we won't have to face her."
Claire signed, and placed the half-read booklet on the table.
At that time, the door suddenly opened – it was Kamito, who had changed back into his normal uniform.
"Kamito... Hey, why do you look like you can barely even stand!"
Turning pale, Claire bolted up from the chair and rushed to his side.
"... The curse-breaking ritual was more exhausting than I had imagined."
Not caring that he was still dressed in his uniform, Kamito collapsed onto his bed.
"And the «Brand of Darkness»?"
"Mmmm... All thanks to Fianna's princess maiden friend, the curse was successfully broken."
Kamito unbuttoned his shirt to reveal the scar on his chest –
"Aieeeeah!"
"What's with that cute shrill scream..."
"W-Who asked you to suddenly take off your clothes!"
Blushing in embarrassment, Claire yelped.
She sneaked a glance at Kamito's firm, muscled chest... and something started thumping wildly in her own chest.
"But, the thing is, Est still hasn't – "
Kamito cast his gaze downwards and shook his head.
"Oh..."
Looking at Kamito's sad hopeless expression, Claire could not help but also feel her heart aching for him.
Kamito was powerful, so powerful that he left his same-age counterparts at the Institutional school in the dust.
Precisely because of that, it was easy to forget one thing –
In truth, Kamito, like his friends, was just an easily hurt sixteen-year-old.
Claire leapt lightly onto the bed, leaned tenderly on Kamito's side and said:
"Don't worry, Est will definitely come back."
"Claire..."
Kamito suddenly lifted his head –
"... I can see your panties."
"... Huh? Waaaahhhh! Stupid... You're so stupid! Pervert!"
The tower resonated with the music of the ball. Meanwhile, in the garden...
Stood that girl in the bright red mask.
"It is finally about to begin... Ren Ashbell."
"Yes."
A black-winged angel suddenly fell behind her.
The girl had hair as black as midnight and eyes as amber as the sunset; she was surely the darkness elemental Restia.
"It seems that... Kamito has passed your trial."
"That the blade spirit would move to take the brunt of the curse was a surprise to me, but that was only an emergency solution – the «gate» that has been opened will definitely not be able to close now."
Ren Ashbell spoke coldly.
"If he really becomes swallowed by the darkness, won't that ruin your plans?"
"If that man's tolerance level is so low, he would not be able to become my trump card, in any case."
"Have you found a Queen willing to serve him?"
"I have found several candidates to choose from, but that is none of your business."
"– The candidate you speak of wouldn't happen to be your sister, would it?"
All of a sudden, the grass and trees all around them burst into flames.
And in a moment, turned into ashes that scattered to the ground.
"Darkness elemental, you would do well to watch your tone of voice."
"Oooh, scary... I was just joking."
The only things to be heard in the darkness were the endless echoes of mocking laughter.
The black-winged darkness elemental had already disappeared, unnoticed.
Ren Ashbell smacked her lips lightly, and turned her gaze towards a cluster of trees in the garden.
"– Eavesdropping is an activity only for lowlifes... Dracunia girl."
"You mustn't be serious, you found out a long time ago, didn't you?"
The figure that emerged from behind the trees was indeed the Dracunia contestant Leonora Lancaster.
She was staring intently at Ren Ashbell with pupils glowing red.
She was emanating a dangerously murderous aura, so much so that anyone would have been aware of her presence.
She was holding a huge blade – the Dragon Slayer Sacred Sword.
"– Look at you all fierce-like, what highly important matter can I help you with?"
"The «dragon» within me wishes to do battle with a fellow strong warrior. I hope you will accept."
Although Leonora's choice of words was polite, her tone of voice revealed her unconcealable intense feelings.
Her eyes burned with the aggressive hunger of someone looking for a good fight. Anyone who knew her normal personality would surely think that this was someone else altogether.
"You have the Dracunia-inherited blood of the dragon, do you now – you certainly are one interesting girl."
Ren Ashbell mused from behind her mask.
"Come... Strongest blade dancer, draw your sword!"
Leonora grasped her sword tightly, preparing herself to meet an attack. Her conscious mind tried to temper her impulsivity with logic and reason, but her body gave off an aura that made one think that she was liable to attack them at any moment.
"Think of your own standard and reconsider. A rookie like you isn't even worth using my Godslaying Flame on."
"You will... regret this... Ren Ashbell!"
Leonora, rendered incoherent by rage, charged forward with all her strength.
She struck a blow far stronger and faster than any mere human would have been able to muster.
In a flash, the stone flooring in the garden shattered into innumerable fragments and flew in all directions – !
Except –
"Nice move, but too bad... Swords can't cut through flames."
In the spot where Leonora's sword had struck, the figure of the Strongest Blade Dancer was nowhere to be found.
"... What!?"
Leonora turned; right then, a mighty force struck her directly on the chest.
"Oooh... Aaaah...!"
Leonora bent over in pain, and the masked girl murmured beside her ear:
"It might be interesting to take the «dragon» to meet the «demon king». Power like yours might just be useful to assist in his awakening."
"... What... are you... saying..."
With her hand still pressed to Leonora's chest, on the spot where her blow had struck her, Ren Ashbell chanted a brief curse.
A black flame emerged from her fingertips, then spread to Leonora's heart.
"Rejoice, Dracunia girl – I will tell you who your most suitable opponent is."
"Aaaaa... aaaaaaaaaaah!"
The girl's tortured cry reverberated through the garden –
Leonora then lost consciousness.
In the darkness – Est sat, holding her knees, her head bowed, silent and deep in thought.
She was overjoyed that Kamito was willing to take her back.
She was also happy that he thought of her as an irreplaceable part of his existence.
However, Est was herself unable to return those feelings.
Because she was constrained by the memories given to her by her «main body».
– Becoming his sword was an unforgivable action.
– Becoming his sword was an unforgivable action.
– Becoming his sword was an unforgivable action.
The mantra repeated itself continuously, endlessly.
Blade spirit Est – her existence was a sin branded on her body that could never be removed.
"... Kamito... I... I can no longer..."
In the unknown darkness, Est began to cry.
The Savior Queen stood for a long while on the vast mountainous plains, her sword plunged into the ground.
Her current state was nothing like the Sacred Queen the people knew of – her pure white armor was stained with blood and filth, while her usual optimism was nowhere to be found.
The girl was battling enemies greater than just the armies of the Demon King.
She also had to face endless victories and losses, schemes and betrayals.
Somewhere along the way, the number of people she could trust dwindled down to one – the sword that had fought alongside her the entire journey.
"Let me ask you, Est..."
"Mistress, what request do you have?"
"Are you willing to stay by my side always?"
The girl broke into a smile reserved only for her best friend – the tender smile of an innocent shepherd girl.
"I am your sword; I will protect you until the end of your life."
"You are right... You are my sword, and for now that is all that matters."
At Est's emotionless response, the girl smiled a hollow smile.
"Mistress?"
"But, one day, when the demon king is defeated, when this war is over, I hope you can become – "
Then, the girl had said something –
Something that, no matter how hard she tried, Est simply could not remember.

The hall was filled with nervousness and excitement.
A large amount of spectators from every country in the continent had gathered in the hall.
Mixed in with the influential nobles and princess maidens from every country in the continent's training facilities, were girls wearing the Areishia Academy school uniform.
The Blade Dance competitors assembled above an altar in the center.
Because the audience was comprised of the nobility, there was no unsightly jeering.
It seemed like there were fans of the elementalists, so each appearance of the representing teams was followed by high-pitched cheering.
"Ojou-sama, please do you best~!"
"I will believe in and await ojou-sama's victory! Glory to the Laurenfrost!"
At the front of the spectators were Carol and Mireille waving a white banner.
"J-Jeez, those two......that's embarrassing!"
Rinslet blushed and hid behind Kamito.
"Kamito, stay vigilant. You are attracting a lot of attention."
"Yeah, got it."
At Ellis' words, Kamito surveyed the area and felt many gazes upon him.
Other than Leonora, it seemed that Muir whom they'd fought yesterday was also here.
It doesn't appear that they know I've lost Est yet......
If they did know of Kamito's situation, they wouldn't be be looking at him vigilantly but instead with the look of a falcon eyeing its prey.
"Fufu, Kamito is popular."
Fianna said teasingly.
Besides «Team Inferno», twenty-three teams had gathered.
Even within them, Dracunia's Knights of the Dragon Emperor had an overwhelming presence.
Around the leader, Leonora, elite elementalists assembled. The Knights of the Dragon Emperor were a military unit with rigid rules. All of the members stood straight up without moving.
Kamito's eyes met with Leonora's.
Those red eyes were incomparable to when they'd met at the library yesterday.
Chills ran down his spine for an instant.
It was like the feeling of being stared at by a giant predator.
"—Dracunia's Dragon Knights training is high quality. Even excluding Leonora, they seem to have no openings."
Ellis noted as she analyzed the enemy teams.
"Yes, if we leave aside «Team Inferno», they are one of the favorites to win. There are also other teams to be wary of."
Claire said that in a whisper and Fianna and Rinslet also turned their heads in his direction.
"First, there are the two representatives from the same academy as us, «Team Wyvern» and «Team Cernunnos». On top of that, the druid girl has an overwhelming advantage outdoors. There's a chance she'll incite all the magical beasts in the forest to attack us."
Moreover, they had already experienced a severe loss during practice against that druid girl. There were certainly opponents he didn't want to have to fight.
Then Claire turned her gaze upon the team that wore foreign outfits.
"They're Quina Empire's prided «Four Gods». They're a team that specializes in battle tactics."
Quina Empire was a large country located on the eastern part of the continent. It had a completely different culture compared to the western countries like Ordesia.
"The white-haired one is their ace, Shao Fu. She uses the divine beast spirit «Byakko»."
"Four Gods? Even though there are five people?"
"The fifth is probably the one that controls the Four Gods."
Answering Kamito, Claire moved her gaze to the group that was wearing white holy garments.
"Those are the Holy Kingdom of Lugia's Sacred Spirit Knights. The ace is the runner-up from last time, Sacred Knight Luminaris."
"Geh!?"
Kamito slipped out a surprised yelp at that name.
"Kamito-san, did something happen?"
"N-No, it's nothing......"
Kamito quickly shook his head at the puzzled Rinslet's question.
I'm sure she was the holy spirit user. Because it was a bad match with Restia's darkness attribute, the fight was quite harsh.
Holding the Blade Dance after only three years was extremely rare. It usually took decades and sometimes only happened once in a hundred years.
Because of the age restrictions on eligible princess maidens, crossing blades with the same opponent should never happen, but it seems this time was a case filled with special occurrences.
"She's nineteen so she's the oldest one at this Blade Dance. It seems that she swore to defeat Ren Ashbell to restore her honor."
"I-I see......"
"Kamito-kun, you're making quite a sour face."
Fianna teased the bitter-faced Kamito.
"Next is the Principality of Rossvale's «Rupture Division». Their ace is Milla Bassett, the youngest this time at thirteen years old. Though they're an emerging nation that gained independence from the Holy Kingdom of Lugia only within the last few decades, their elementalists are said to be top-class."
"—And them?"
Kamito looked towards the team that had been glaring in their direction since a while ago.
"The representatives from the Kingdom of Balstan. They're under the direct control of the royalty."
"Why are they glaring at us?"
"Umm......that's probably because of me."
Claire said so like it was hard for her.
"What do you mean?"
"Remember, it's because I slapped their prince yesterday—"
"......Ahh, I see."
Kamito finally remembered.
The crown prince of the Kingdom of Balstan. The prince that had acted out of interest and tried to kiss Claire.
"So it's because you embarrassed them."
"It's good enough if that crown prince understands with his body!"
For some reason, Rinslet was more angry than Claire.
"The Kingdom of Balstan's royalty may have ordered them to take revenge. Sorry, I carelessly created this mess."
"No, if Claire hadn't done anything back then, I would have."
"......Eh? Um, that means......"
As Claire's face went red.
A commotion started near the entrance of the great shrine.
"—So they've finally come."
The instant Ren Ashbell entered, the commotion died down.
She led four elementalists that were wearing hoods which extended to cover their entire body.
"So that's «Team Inferno»......"
Kamito stopped breathing and watched them.
He immediately discovered the small girl with ash grey hair.
The «Instructional School»'s monster — Military Spirit User, Muir Alenstarl.
She quickly averted her eyes after meeting Kamito's.
Walking next to Muir was a tall girl with jade green hair. Her ears which were characteristic of the Elfim race were visible under the hood. Elfim specialized in covert operations within forests, so she might have been an intelligence-gathering elementalist.
Another was a girl with eye-popping blue hair. She was the only one who had luxurious gold and silver accessories lining her hood and she carried a folding fan with a gaudy design.
"The crest of the Alphas Theocracy royal family — don't tell me, «Demon Caster» Sjora Kahn!?"
"You know her?"
He asked and Claire nodded.
"She's the number one witch in their kingdom, the admired successor of the «Dusk Witch»."
"To think that other than Muir, such characters would be there......"
Kamito groaned while wiping the sweat from his brow.
But more oppressive than those three and drawing most of the spectators' gazes — the last person.
At the appearance of that person, the silence that had overtaken the hall was replaced once again with clamor.
"......Who is that, that person!?"
A black knight covered in jet black armor.
It wasn't just her appearance that was strange. Her entire body was covered in a mysterious aura.
A existence that was never meant to be here — for some reason, that was what he felt.
"What a repulsive divine power......"
Fianna, who was more receptive, said in a shaky voice.
Ren Ashbell noticed Kamito and walked straight over to him.
Silence fell and the ringing of iron shoes echoed.
"Kamito......"
"It's fine."
Shielding the nervous ojou-samas behind him, Kamito took a step forward.
And stood off against the crimson-masked girl.
"To think there was someone who could break the «Brand of Darkness»."
"It's a pity. Things won't go how you want them to."
Kamito returned the gaze of the crimson pupils within the mask.
"That brand was only for the purpose of jump starting the awakening of the «Maou» within you. Once the «Gate» has been opened, it can never return to how it was before."
"—What is this maou you speak of?"
Ren Ashbell smiled within her mask and whispered in a voice so others couldn't hear.
"If you want to know, ascend and face me — Ren Ashbell."
"Ren Ashbell, huh. Having you say that is the greatest irony."
Kamito clicked his tongue and groaned.
"But I'll clarify this. If I beat you, you'll tell me everything."
"What confidence for someone who's lost their contracted spirit."
"Est will definitely return. She is my best partner."
Ren Ashbell shrugged, turned on her heel and left without another word.
And thus the short exchange between the two Ren Ashbells ended.
Commotion returned to the great shrine hall again.
Above the bonfire burning at the altar, five spirit maidens appeared.
Amongst them was Reicha Alminas.
When he had met her yesterday, she had been a normal docile girl, but wrapped in her ritual clothes and performing a ritual, she certainly had the presence of one the five highest princess maidens.
Eventually, the «Tempest» details appeared from the five spirit maidens.
The introduction to the Blade Dance was held in the northern forest area of Ragna Ys.
The field was covered by a separating barrier cast by all the «Divine Ritual Institute»'s princess maidens, so it was impossible to leave by normal means. Each country's representatives were transported with their respective teams to random locations and, over the course of seven days, would offer up their blade dances.
There was one rule — you may not kill an elementalist.
The «Blade Dance» was not a martial arts match, but a dance ritual.
There was no way it would be allowed to taint the ritual offered to the spirit kings with a death.
The competition was decided by gathering the special spirit stones distributed to the representatives — the «Magic Stones».
If a competitor was separated from their «Magic Stones» for more than one minute, they would be forcefully teleported out.
Seven days from the opening of the battle. The four teams that had assembled the greatest amounts of «Magic Stones» would be brought before the spirit kings to offer the final blade dances. At this point, even if a member had been lost, all five members would continue into the finals.
"—Good fortune and divine blessings upon the blade dancing princess maidens!"
The five spirit maidens reading the oracle from the spirit kings spoke this in tandem.
That signified the beginning of the battle.
Amidst the deafening cheers, the elementalists entered the transportation circle drawn above the altar.
Just before the transportation circle, Kamito turned to face his ojou-sama comrades.
"Everyone, we will definitely win!"
"Yes♪" "Yeah!" "Of course!" "That, um, that was my line!"
Ordesia's former second princess, Fianna Ray Ordesia.
Captain of the Sylphid Knights, Ellis Fahrengart.
The eldest daughter of the house of Laurenfrost, Rinslet Laurenfrost.
The younger sister of the Calamity Queen, Claire Rouge of the house of Elstein.
And the winner of the last Blade Dance three years prior — Kazehaya Kamito.
The four girls and one boy, each with their own «Wish», moved to challenge the «Blade Dance».
After stepping into the transportation circle, a mysterious forest opened up in front of him.
Slight fog obscured his vision. Cries of birds and beasts could be heard from afar.
"Inside a forest, huh......there are countless places enemies could conceal themselves......"
Claire, who transported in directly after him, gave a cursory look at the surroundings.
"Should I have my wind familiar search the immediate area?"
"That's right......no, it may be better not to. It's not that I don't trust Ellis' abilities, but spirit magic users will instantly discover us."
"......That's true."
Ellis nodded at Claire's deduction.
"My Fenrir will carry everybody's belongings."
Rinslet summoned the magic ice spirit with her finger.
The blizzard-clad Fenrir raised a war cry.
In an instant, five peoples' worth of luggage was sucked into its opened mouth and disappeared.
"That's convenient."
"The Laurenfrost territory's population is isolated, so having Fenrir carry goods is a life saver."
Rinslet petted Fenrir's head and it gave out a sweet whine.
"Mu, Scarlet is cute but Fenrir is also cute......"
Ellis gazed at Fenrir with an expression like her heart was stolen.
"The freezing coldness at the Laurenfrost's is enough to kill. Or rather, I was stranded in the garden that time I came to the main house to play when we were kids."
"When I found you, you hugged onto me and sobbed......sigh, where did the cute Claire from back then go, I wonder?"
Rinslet sighed with a faraway look.
"Y-You......if you say anymore, I'll turn you into cinders!"
"How wide was the garden if you managed to get stranded......"
To the side of the two was a dumbstruck Kamito.
"We should also find a camp site or we'll freeze to death."
"Yeah, that's right."
Kamito nodded.
Even though this was within Ragna Ys, whether it was because the wind spirit king's divine protection was weak or something, it was definitely cold. The academy's school uniform also had built-in «cold protection», but it didn't seem like it would be effective against the night's cold.
"It's also important to secure a water supply. It would be good if there was a river or lake nearby."
Claire's suggestion wasn't just for drinking water, it was also for the required purifications an elementalist needed to undertake to remove any taint.
"At any rate, that means the first thing is to search the surrounding area. Our formation will consist of me as vanguard, Rinslet and Fianna in the center, and Ellis and Kamito in the rearguard.
Claire proposed a logical formation.
Fianna who was weak at battle was in position to be protected by everyone and Rinslet was able to see in every direction. Kamito who possessed great power was positioned to monitor the surroundings and the two who possessed great one-on-one strength, Claire and Ellis, were stationed at each end.
Kamito and company got into formation and began to advance through the forest.
They had walked in the forest for roughly half an hour.
From a while ago, ball-like light spirits had frequently flitted around overhead.
They were the spirits for the purpose of relaying the Blade Dance from the field back to the great shrine.
It seemed they were trained not to intrude on their privacy, but currently there was no doubt that Kamito and the others were being displayed on-screen.
"We haven't found any signs of water. Just how large is this place?"
"It should be considerably large. «Ragna Ys»'s size is comparable to a small country."
Claire, who was walking in front, answered Kamito's question.
"It looks like we'll need to create a map soon."
Rinslet said as she removed a branch from her hair.
"......My feet have started to hurt a little."
Fianna, who wasn't used to hiking, said with a grimace.
Unlike Claire and the others, she had transferred in and hadn't undergone the same open field training.
"Shall I carry you?"
"Eh? N-No, it's fine......"
At Kamito's words, Fianna's face reddened and she shook her head.
"Don't push yourself. It's too late if you become unable to walk."
"B-But, I......that is, I'm wearing this short skirt......"
"Th-That's true......"
......As expected, even the queen that always teased Kamito would be embarrassed by that.
"Kamito, you're thinking about such indecent things again!"
Ellis drew her sword.
"I-I'm not thinking them! Or rather, what's this again about!"
"Hmph, m-my foot hurts......maybe."
Ellis chewed her lip like she was pouting.
Looking at her condition from before, that didn't seem to be the case but,
"I-Is that so?......but, as expected, carrying two people is a little harsh."
"M-My foot also started to hurt suddenly!"
"Yes, lending me just your sh-shoulder would help greatly!"
"Yeah, I can do that much."
"I-Is that so? T-Then, I shall take you up on that."
Rinslet smiled and moved over to his shoulder.
"......!"
The uniform that lightly smelled of sweat.
His heart throbbed at the soft sensation touching his arm.
"......Th-That's unfair, Rinslet! Kamito, please lend me your shoulder as well!"
For some reason unbeknownst to him, Ellis also latched onto his shoulder.
"Th-Then......me as well♪"
Fianna also rested her head on his shoulder from behind.
"Th-This is difficult......"
Being hugged by three girls, he let out an anguished voice.
"Hey, you three! The formation is falling apart!"
"Fufu, you're not honest. Even though it'd be fine for Claire to say her feet hurt as well."
"Wha......a, aren't you being stupid!? I'm fine, I can walk on my own!"
Claire cried out angrily with a red face at the teasing Fianna.
"......"
And Kamito stopped walking.
"Kamito-san, what's wrong?"
"Be quiet. We're being ambushed."
"......!?"
The three separated from Kamito and summoned their respective contracted spirits.
A silence like the drawn bowstring of a bow.
No, this isn't silence — it's inaction.
Kamito sharpened his senses and searched for presences.
Two people. They're scouts or there are others with them.
"It's unexpected. That we would find a trap this early."
"Yeah, even though it shouldn't be a good plan to act this quickly—"
Right after Kamito nodded.
"—They're coming!"
A flash of light exploded.

......A distraction, huh!
What had exploded was a depth charge spirit stone embedded in the ground that was prepared beforehand.
It was a substitute that looked flashy but had no power.
But it had made an opening for an instant.
In tandem with it, Kamito felt determined presences moving in.
......From below!
He felt the flash was to disrupt him. Kamito trusted his instinct and jumped.
Right after. The place Kamito had been at just before was replaced with a giant arm of sand.
As he thought, there were others as well.
The sand mass wriggled and stretch towards his arm—
"I won't allow that, freezing fangs, pierce — Freezing Arrow!"
Rinslet's ice arrow pierced the sand arm.
"Kamito, above!"
Claire warned him.
Kamito kicked the ground and jumped-—
"—Crush them to death, stone beast spirit «Gargoyle»!"
The shadow that instantly fell to the ground. The gigantic mass that fell from above.
Earth and sand danced in the air as the ground tremored.
The spirit that had taken the form of a stone goblin. The elementalist girl rode on its back.
The beautiful pure white uniform.
"If I recall, that's the Kingdom of Balstan's......
"—O master swordsman, become my shield!"
From further up the path appeared Fianna's knight spirit.
The knight's sword drew a shining arc. The sound of stone being crushed rang out and the stone beast's arm was destroyed.
Two seconds after the flash, his eyes had finally recovered.
The ojou-samas got into formation around Claire.
I can't really blade dance without Est, but—
He created a short sword using his basic spirit magic.
He attempted to circle around in the disturbance — just then.
Sending earth and sand flying, a sand giant appeared before him.
"Tch......!"
Kamito widened the gap while clicking his tongue.
The sand spirit user — just where are they?
Kamito quickly ran his eyes over the surrounding area.
The first theory was that the elementalist had used their spirit's earth attribute to hide underground with spirit magic. But there were no traces of such.
A second presence appeared behind him—
The second one......!
From the shadow of the trees appeared a girl wielding a saber.
An invisible splitting flash split the tree behind Kamito.
Kamito covered himself and dodged.
"To dodge my blades of wind, as expected of the male elementalist."
The girl shouted that as she turned to face him.
"For the act of embarrassing my master — sorry, but I'll have you disappear here!"
"So it's really revenge for that idiotic prince, huh......"
Kamito sighed, astonished.
There were those who foolishly dragged their trivial personal grudges into the Blade Dance.
"......I sympathize with you. Spirit contractor of Balstan."
"I won't allow ridiculing my master!"
The wind elementalist girl swung the saber.
Kamito dodged to the side by jumping. The blades of wind lightly grazed his neck.
......Although if I had Est, that kind of attack would be nothing.
The storm of wind blades that flew in every direction prevented Kamito from closing in.
"Hah, it seems you really can't fight without a contracted spirit!"
......Why does she know I lost Est?
As he raised suspicions, at that moment — bluish-white lightning came from behind him.
He instantly turned his body and repelled it with his spirit magic sword.
The sword burst into grains.
Facing to the direction it came from, a girl stood there with an Elemental Waffe bow.
"No way, he reacted to that surprise attack just now!?"
The wind elementalist widened her eyes in shock.
"It's because I knew another person would be hiding."
Kamito shrugged.
"As I thought, you're dangerous. We have to crush you while you can't use your contracted spirit."
"You're overestimating me quite a bit."
He observed the surroundings without letting down his guard as he jested.
Behind was the saber-wielding wind elementalist. In front was the bow-wielding lightning elementalist.
And the sand giant also appeared behind him.
......Three skilled elementalists. As expected, it's tough.
Cold sweat gathered on his temple.
From some point in time, a thick fog had coated the forest.
It wasn't natural fog. It was obviously created with spirit magic.
Claire and others should be fighting against that stone beast spirit from before not too far away but because of the fog, he couldn't hear sounds of the battle or their voices at all.
From the start, this plan was for taking me down, huh—
This time's Blade Dance was a battle of attrition.
There was no need to defeat all of the enemy team at once.
He didn't know where they'd received information about his losing Est, but they had aimed for Team Scarlet who had lost their strongest force.
The two elementalists battling with Claire and the others were likely just buying time.
Then I'll also buy time. Just hold on until Claire and the others come—
Kamito gripped his hands and took half a step.
"It's useless!"
The wind elementalist waved her saber and created blades of wind.
But Kamito didn't stop. Slightly shifting his center of gravity, he dodged by a hair's breadth.
"He can see my wind blades!?"
"—It's a pity but their paths are easy to read in a forest!"
The blades themselves were invisible, but he could see the leaves and branches they cut. After being shown the attack so many times, Kamito had discerned their speed and width.
Of course, to actually carry it out required an extraordinary sense and courage.
Messing up just a tiny bit would mean the end. Due to the rules, his head wouldn't fly but his consciousness would.
Accelerating, he closed in on the wind elementalist.
"You, I won't let you!"
Immediately, an arrow of lightning came towards him — however,
That instant, Kamito disappeared.
"Wha!?"
Kamito had kicked the ground and flew straight up.
The battle techniques that had been hammered into him at the «Instructional School» — Meta three-dimensional movement.
The other orphan from the «Instructional School», Jio Inzagi, had also used this move, but his speed did not match the overwhelming version of Kamito's «Shadow Weaving».
Weaving between the branches of the trees, it was a technique of moving at top speed in all directions to toy with the opponent. Amongst the elementalists that had received ordinary battle training, there were none that could do this.
Kicking the trunk of a tree, Kamito accelerated. The wind elementalist and lightning elementalist fired at the afterimages he left behind and hit nothing.
"—Sandman, topple the trees around you!"
The wind elementalist shouted sharply.
The sand spirit roared and knocked down the surrounding trees.
Despite its dull-looking body, it was unexpectedly fast. He had fought with members of the earth attribute — such as rock, but this was the first type that had such mobility.
"Tch......"
Losing his footholds, Kamito had no other choice but to land.
"—O wind, blow wildly!"
The blades of wind from the side severed the sand giant's arm.
The blue ponytail waving in the wind.
Ellis who had her Elemental Waffe «Ray Hawk» in hand.
"—Ellis, that's a great help."
"Sorry for being late. The mist spirit caused me trouble."
Ellis landed lightly and readied her spear with magnificent movements.
"Kuu, the plan is a failure, huh......retreat!"
The enemy wind elementalist's judgment was quick.
The plan to take Kamito out with a swift attack coupled with a surprise attack had failed. There was no point in fighting any further.
"—Like I'll let you run!"
Ellis waved Ray Hawk.
Ellis' magic wind spirit was several tiers above the opponent's wind spirit. While cutting down the trees in its path, the wind blades attacked the retreating elementalist.
In its path — the sand giant stood up.
The blades of wind landed a direct hit. The wind elementalist and lightning elementalist had disappeared into the forest.
Ellis bit her lip in frustration. The sand spirit immediately began to rebuild.
However, at the moment the front had been blown open, Kamito realized.
I thought its movements were too good......so you hid there.
The sand gathered again and completely resealed its wound --- just before that.
Kamito instantly jumped into the sand's opening --- he punched through the giant's solar plexus.
It was the feeling of sand that greeted his fist.
The rebuilding sand giant crumbled in moments.
The one that appeared from within was a girl who had fainted.
"What does this mean?"
"That sand giant was her Elemental Waffe."
Kamito shrugged and answered Ellis' question.
"......Sorry. I'll be taking this."
Kamito leaned down and took the «Magic Stone» from around the girl's neck.
If they waited one minute, this girl would be transported back to the grand shrine.
"Kamito!" "Kamito-kun!" "Were you okay?"
Claire and the others came running from the other side of the forest.
It seems the other fight had also reached a conclusion.
"Are you guys also unhurt?"
"Yeah......rather, don't tell me you defeated them without a contracted spirit?"
Claire widened her ruby eyes.
"No, it would have been dangerous if Ellis hadn't come. They ran away in the end."
"Here," he said as he tossed the «Magic Stone» to Claire.
At that time, the fainted sand elementalist was enveloped by a transportation circle and disappeared as shards of light.
"We defeated a stone beast elementalist. The mist elementalist got away."
Claire gripped the two «Magic Stones» in her hand.
"It's dangerous to chase them too far. They seem like a meticulous team."
"At any rate, I never thought we would be attacked this quickly."
"Yes, it seems like it would be a good idea to find a camp site quickly."
Claire nodded at Ellis' words.
As expected, they weren't going to be elated at their first victory.
Kamito turned to the road forward that was covered in the remnants of the depth charge spirit stone.
The mysterious thing is how they managed to ambush us.
Even though it hadn't been even an hour since the start, they had moved like they knew Kamito and the others' location.
Also, they knew that I've lost Est.
Just who was leaking information, he wondered.
"......"
Kamito dropped his eyes to the spirit seal on his right hand.
In the end, even when Kamito's body clearly felt danger, the «Gate» had shown no signs of opening.
"Est......"
"As expected, Kazehaya Kamito—"
The ones watching the first day of the Blade Dance from afar.
Seated on a slightly elevated hill were five girls in military uniforms.
One of those favored to win this time's competition, The Principality of Dracunia's representatives, «Knights of the Dragon Emperor».
They were using the dragon attribute spirit magic «Dragon Eye» to observe far away.
"That is why he is suitable to be sacrificed to the dragon sleeping within me."
The girl standing at the cliff edge — Leonora Lancaster licked her lips.
With ferocity emanating from her entire body, her eyes gleamed like blood.
Leonora-sama's «Dragon Blood» is awakening......
Apparent fear painted Vice-captain Yuri El Cid's face.
Shivers ran down her spine.
The strange power inherited by those who served dragons — «Dragon Blood».
This was Yuri's fourth time seeing Leonora with red eyes.
The first time she had witnessed it was two years ago at the entrance examination for the Knights of the Dragon Emperor. Leonora had obliterated all other contestants within minutes.
It was a mad dance that would feel like it would cause casualties.
If the «Dragon» within her woke up, not even her subordinates could stop her.
But this time seems a little different from usual......
Yuri looked upon Leonora's side profile.
Looking at her appearance, she seemed calm.
For some reason, her interest was only directed at one person and she wanted to slaughter only that male elementalist.
Leonora stood there looking upon the landscape in silence.
"—Tonight, we hunt a pack of lions."
Yuri and the others nodded wordlessly.
That was the signal of an attack for the Knights of the Dragon Emperor.

The night before leading the continent's combined military force to attack the maou's castle—
"—Hey, Est?"
The sacred maiden Areishia asked Est.
"Yes."
"If I wasn't here anymore, what would Est do?"
Unlike humans who returned to the soil, spirits had no life span. No matter how strong a bond was with a contracted spirit, one would always have to part with them.
At Est's puzzled gaze, the girl continued.
"If I'm not here anymore, Est has to make sure to find a new elementalist to contract with, okay."
"I don't want to."
Est replied without hesitation.
The ever-docile sword spirit disagreed with her master for the first time.
"Est?"
"I am your sword. I will not become anyone else's."
"Est......"
"Master, why are you asking such a thing?"
"That is......"
She put on a troubled expression.
Everything about what her destiny would lead to in the nearby future — a face that knew all of this.

And thus the sacred maiden and legendary sword went to meet the end of the story.
After several years of wars, the sacred girl Areishia launched an attack on the maou's castle.
Defeating scores of enemies, the pure girl's hand was already soaked in blood, but still she did not lose hope.
—That after this battle would be a world of peace.
While knowing the fate of her body, she continued to fight.
The voice of the girl rang through the castle's banquet hall.
"—Est, lend me your power!"
"Yes, master!"
The strongest holy sword gripped in both her hands gave off dazzling light.
Pushing back the darkness, the girl ran while aiming for the maou's heart.
"Est, this is the last time I use you as a sword. That's why—"
Everything happened in an instant.
The holy sword shone and burst the maou's heart with a flash.
Giving off a dying cry of agony, the maou was vanquished from this world.

"Haa, haa, haa......"
Basked in the demon king's black blood, the girl collapsed to the ground.
"Master?"
"It's okay......Est......"
In order to calm the worried Est, she patted her head.
"Fua......master......please stop."
"Fufu, you like this, don't you, Est."
"......Please don't tease me."
Though Est maintained an expressionless face, she turned her head with slightly reddened cheeks.
This was the first time since she had met her that Est had shown such a reaction.
The girl was happy with that.
For the girl that had gradually killed off her human emotions in line with the peoples' expectations of her as the Sacred Queen, this was her sole comfort.
"Sorry, Est......the truth is, I wanted to pat your head like this more......"
Covered in black blood, the girl's voice wavered.
"Master, what are......what are you saying?"
"......Really, I'm sorry."
"Master?"
In the next instant, the girl fingers made a stiff sound and shattered.
"—Kamito. Hey, Kamito."
"Mmm......Claire?"
While having his shoulders shaken, Kamito awoke.
A nice scent drifted near his nose. The twintails upon his cheeks tickled slightly.
"Come on, the meal is ready. Wake up already."
"It will get cold if you don't get up quickly."
Kamito rubbed his eyes and lifted his upper half from the hard ground.
The sun had already begun to set when Kamito and the others finally found a camp site.
It was beside a gently flowing mountain stream. Edible fish were present and the water was suitable for purification. After making a simple tent and leaving the meal preparations to the girls, Kamito had taken a nap in preparation of being the night look-out.
Night had already completely fallen.
Walking to the riverside where there was a table built from the trees, he found a luxurious evening meal on it.
Smoked fish from the river, seasoned risotto, and soup made with dried vegetables. These were from opening some of the many canned food that Claire had brought.
"Is it okay to eat this extravagantly from the first day?"
"Because it's the first day, delicious food is necessary to raise morale."
"Well, that does sound reasonable......and this looks seriously good."
Kamito sat down on a rock and began with the steaming risotto.
"......!"
"H, how is it?"
Rinslet asked while seemingly nervous.
"......Insanely good! Did you really make this with canned stuff?"
"Yes......I, I'm glad it suits your taste."
Rinslet smiled broadly in a happy manner.
"As expected of Rinslet."
"Kuu......m, my position is......"
Ellis seemed a little down as she sighed that.
"Ah, no, Ellis' cooking has a homemade feeling to it and I like that in its own way."
"H, homemade......you say......? Home......wife......"
He didn't know what she was imagining but Ellis had zoned out with a red face.
"T, tomorrow, I'll be making dinner......so I'll make Kamito's favorite dishes."
"Yeah, I'm looking forward to it......by the way, what are we doing about baths?"
"We made one nearby. Scarlet worked hard."
Scarlet who was laying beside Claire let out a nyaa.
"Fufu, it's fine to enter with Kamito-kun ♪"
"Eh?"
"I, idiot, Kamito goes in after! Stand guard here!"
Claire said angrily with a beet red face.

"W, what are you thinking, you!"
"Oh my, I was just teasing you a little. And Claire, weren't you a little tempted?"
"Wha......that's not true!"
"You're too loud! Even if we're inside a barrier, don't let your guard down!"
"Though the knight captain is being the loudest."
"......S, sorry."
A little away from the camp site, the girls were undressing.
Next to them was an open air bath with dense steam.
It was not a hot spring. Having Georgios carry large rocks to isolate a section of the river, they had Scarlet release its flames there.
The light splash of someone entering the water.
Having removed their academy uniforms, the princess maidens' skins were exposed to the night moon's faint radiance.
"E, Ellis, you were wearing quite mature underwear, weren't you......"
"I, is that so?"
Ellis averted her eyes in embarrassment.
"T, to use black......how lewd......"
Claire leered at Ellis' breasts coldly.
"I, it's not lewd! Kamito chose them—"
"Eh?"
"Wh, what do you mean?"
"Ah, no, that's, umm......"
Under the questioning glares, Ellis who had dug her own grave retreated.
"Claire, haven't you grown a little as well?"
Fianna groped Claire's chest.
"Fuaaa, wh, what are you doing, you erotic queen!"
"......Was it my imagination? It feels like they've grown a little since I last groped them."
"......Eh? R, really!?"
Claire's red twintails jumped a little.
"D, don't tell me that thing of the lightning spirit from yesterday was effective......"
"What are you talking about?"
"......I, it's nothing!"
Claire sunk under the water surface and blew bubbles.
He could hear the girls' excited voices from afar.
As expected, not even Kamito with his good hearing could make out their words.
Kamito was keeping surveillance from a rock's shadow. There were also spirits that gained strength with the coming of night. Unlike the matches at the academy, one also had to be vigilant of a night attack.
"......"
Drawing a breath, he looked down at the spirit seal engraved on his right hand.
Est......
The past memories of Est he had caught a glimpse of.
The dream about Est's former master, the Sacred Queen who slew the maou.
I cannot become Kamito's sword — saying that, Est had rejected Kamito.
Just what had Est remembered—
And then.
In the forest in front of him, a faint presence appeared.
"......!"
Kamito stood up on reflex and entered a battle stance.
......Don't tell me they broke Fianna's barrier!?
A barrier that let them know when a person or beast got near was supposed to have been erected.
The problem was who had managed to bypass the barrier without setting it off.
"—Who are you."
Kamito glared into the grove of trees.
And.
"Don't make such a scary face, Kamito."
Before his eyes, the swirling darkness took human form.
The one who appeared there was a beautiful girl clad in a dress the color of darkness.
"......Restia!?"
Kamito widened his eyes and looked upon the girl in front of him.
His previous contracted spirit.
The one he had always wanted to meet, an irreplaceable treasured existence.
The one that had first given light to the Kamito who had lost his heart.
But now, she was—
"......What did you come here for?"
"How cold, even though I was worried about you."
Restia almost unnoticeably pouted.
That gesture was so dearly missed that Kamito's heart ached.
As the dress fluttered, Restia slowly walked towards him.
"It's not like you to have a hard fight against opponents of that calibre."
"Were you the one who told them I lost Est?"
"Yes, that's right."
Having Restia admit it so frankly felt anticlimactic.
Because of that, he didn't know what to say next.
I've always gotten caught up in her pace......
Restia came just in front of him and gazed up at his face with her twilight-colored eyes.
It was about the same as three years ago except that Kamito was now taller.
Contrasting with the darkness was smooth white skin. Faintly pink lips.
It was magnificence that made his heart beat unconsciously.
And the sweet whisper that came from her lips.
"If you can't use your contracted spirit, you can use me."
"......What, what did you?"
"It's not really that surprising. I am still your contracted spirit."
"......After all this time, what are you planning?"
Kamito bit his lips.
It was true that he still had Restia's spirit seal on his left hand but—
The «Gate» had never opened even once since that day.
"That's because you didn't have the requirements, Kamito. But with your latest power that awakened — you can use me again just like before."
Restia smiled cutely with a little laugh.
"I......"
Kamito stared at his leather-gloved left hand.
The Elemental Waffe he had used three years ago as Ren Ashbell — «Vorpal Sword».
The power of that demon sword to cut everything was comparable to Terminus Est.
Without Est, winning the Blade Dance was impossible.
But if his former contract spirit returned to him once again—
He could even win against that other Ren Ashbell.
"However, I have a condition."
And. Restia put her index finger to her lips.
"A condition?"
"Yes, you have to sever your contract with that other sword spirit."
"......!?"
"Did you think I wouldn't be jealous if you contracted another spirit?"
Restia whispered into his ear with a sullen tone.
Kamito — grabbed Restia's shoulders and separated her from him.
"Sorry, but I can't do that."
And decisively shook his head.
"I believe in Est. That she will definitely return."
He had lived the past three years for the sake of getting Restia back.
The reason he had participated in this «Blade Dance» was for the same reason.
But he could not sever the contract with Est for that.
"Est is an important partner of mine......the same as you."
"I see — that's a pity."
Restia shook her head sadly.
"But I wonder if you can defeat her without a contracted spirit."
"Her?"
At the same time he asked, Restia's figure faded out and started to disappear.
"Wait, Restia!"
"I'm always waiting, Kamito. Until you call me — okay?"
Restia completely dissolved into the darkness.
The next instant, a blaze fell from the sky.
A violent flash. The resulting wind blast blew Kamito away.
The earth and sand that flew collapsed the forest's trees.
What......the......!?
While groaning, Kamito lifted his face.
And.
From the epicentre of the explosion, a giant black shadow stood up.
"Wha!?"
It was a jet black dragon with wings that spread as if to eclipse the moon.
The flames that blazed lit up the night.
A girl wearing a black surcoat walked out from within the dancing flames.
Her red eyes penetrated the night.
What an ominous presence......
An oppressive feeling that could even be felt on one's skin.
"......What a rude greeting for a knight. Leonora."
"—As you say, Kazehaya Kamito."
Leonora said with her hand straight up in the air.
"The dragons of Dracunia hunt lions with all their strength."
The dragon spirit «Nidhogg» opened its mouth and released an inferno.

"......No way, an attack!?"
At the time that a flashy explosion came from the camp site.
Claire and the others were in the middle of getting changed after finishing bathing.
"The barrier's been broken --- they're coming!"
In sync with Claire's scream.
Fianna, Ellis and Rinslet summoned their respective spirits.
Scarlet's flames lit up the surrounding darkness.
And above the steam were the silhouettes of three people with drawn weapons.
"What a surprise. The favored Knights of Dragon Emperor coming to attack in the night like this."
"We are soldiers before we are knights. To bring victory and pride back home, we will not pass up the most effective methods."
The one who answered was a girl with boy-like short hair.
She readied her halberd «Elemental Waffe».
"We'll at least name ourselves. Knight of the Dragon Emperor Vice-Captain, Yuri El Cid."
"«Team Scarlet»'s Claire Rouge."
Claire quickly transformed Scarlet into the Flame Tongue.
While keeping her attention to the front, she whispered to Ellis behind her.
"Leonora isn't here. The explosion just now was probably her."
If it was her Nidhogg, then pulling off that much destruction in one blow was possible.
They had aimed for a time when Kamito was alone and come to crush him.
"No matter how good Kamito is, he can't win against Leonora without an Elemental Waffe."
"......I got it. I will go to support Kamito."
Ellis immediately understood Claire's intentions and began chanting her «Flight» spirit magic.
She kicked off the ground and flew into the night air lit by flames.
But.
"---I won't let you go to Leonora-sama!"
"What!?"
Another knight blocked Ellis' path.
An elementalist with a flying dragon spirit.
They had anticipated their actions and hid in the forest beforehand. And the opponent was a flying type dragon spirit. Ellis' spirit magic couldn't outrun that.
"......This is bad. We've been completely separated."
"Kamito......"
Turning to the direction the flames were rising from, Claire bit her lips.
The blaze skidded across the ground.
Accompanied by a loud sound, flames coated the ground.
......What destructive power!
Being blown away by the resulting wind force, Kamito fell to the ground.
Quickly getting up and opening his eyes---
A scene like the world's end spread out before him.
The ground was dug up like a mortar. The wall of fire ate away at the night's darkness.
On the other side of the wall of flames, the dragon spirit roared with intense ferocity.
The accompanying wind scattered the flames.
The jet black dragon flapped its massive wings.
Basked in the bluish white light from the moon, Leonora Lancaster walked towards him silently.
Holding her hand up, the dragon transformed into darkness.
The darkness then gathered and instantly formed a large demon sword.
"Dragon spirit «Nidhogg»'s Elemental Waffe --- «Dragon Slayer»."
Leonora muttered that indifferently and raised the demon sword.
Kamito felt it instinctively.
That's bad......!
Just when he got up and dodged.
"---Destroy!"
Leonora closed the distance in an instant.
---Fast!
Just before the demon sword descended, Kamito jumped to the side.
The sound of the ground being crushed.
The demon sword had lightly grazed him and his white uniform had blood on it.
Kamito grimaced at the sharp pain from being cut.
......Don't tell me she's completely materializing her Elemental Waffe!?
If Kamito had not dodged just now, he would have been split in half.
She was swinging her blade with the full intent of killing Kamito.
Is this the influence of that «Dragon Blood» Claire was talking about......
Leonora's brilliant red eyes that were shining in the darkness.
A state where she lost the majority of her reason and became a berserker.
It was forbidden to kill your opponent in the Blade Dance. That's why elementalists generally limited the materialization of their Elemental Waffe and opted to causing damage with their divine power directly.
But just now, Leonora had seriously tried to kill Kamito.
"Tch---"
Kamito quickly chanted his Weapon Works spirit magic and created a short sword in his hands.
With Est's «Gate» closed, this was the best he could do with his divine power.
It was only a substitute that could take one strike from the aftershock of the opponent's sword before it shattered.
Jumping off the mud and just before landing --- Leonora swung her demon sword.
Bone-shattering force was created.
"Gahaa......!"
The severe blade storm that continued without mercy.
Kamito rolled on the ground and just barely avoided that attack.
"......It's like she has no openings."
Cold sweat gathered on his brow.
They were movements unthinkable for a thin and delicate arm like that with such a large sword.
She was likely using dragon property spirit magic to supplement her muscle strength.
"---It's not enough......make my blood boil even more, Kazehaya Kamito!"
The demon sword was swung again. Whilst emitting a dragon-like roar, the sword released a wave of energy.
Invisible fangs that would rip through flesh. It resembled Ellis' blades of wind, but the destructive power was on a different scale.
Slicing through the cut-preventive school uniform, blood dripped from his shoulder.
"Kuu, she's strong, as I thought......!"
Kamito cursed as he wiped the blood from his lip.
The overwhelming divine power welling up in her entire body.
In a head-on battle, Kamito had no chance of winning right now.
---There's no other way but to draw this into a battle of attrition by retreating into the forest.
Along with the awakening of her «Dragon Blood» and that oppressive power, Leonora lost her ability to think calmly. If Kamito moved around stealthily, he could at least buy time.
It should wear down the insane divine power of the «Dragon Blood».
There was likely a time limit on how long she could fight in this condition. A normal elementalist's limit would be one minute. Leonora's was likely around five.
---If I can stay clear for five minutes, I can win.
Just as Kamito was about to retreat into the forest.
Giant flames rose up under the cliff near the river far away from him.
"Wha......!?"
He didn't have to think about where it was. That was where Claire and the rest were.
"---It looks like they're engaged in battle with my subordinates."
Leonora's eyes glinted and she closed the distance in an instant.
"If you want to protect your comrades, you'll have to use your full power and defeat me!"
Leonora's demon blade approached him---!

"---Become cinders!"
Waving her Flame Tongue, she cast the spirit magic «Fireball» at the same time.
Yuri El Cid --- the halberd elementalist was engulfed in flames.
"As expected, if it's a direct attack --- ehh!?"
"It's a pity but flame attribute spirit magic won't work against this «Lindwyrm»!"
Breaking through the wall of flames, a giant dragon with red scales charged towards her.
"Rinslet!"
"I know, freezing fangs, pierce --- «Freezing Arrow»!"
Aiming at the fire dragon's body in only a moment, she released the ice arrows.
But just before the arrows hit, the fire dragon breathed fire and melted them.
The arrows that barely struck also rebounded off the scales and disappeared.
"No way, my «Freezing Arrows» were......!"
"......It's using dragon attribute spirit magic!"
Claire yelled as she erased the fire dragon's flames.
Dragon spirits' specialities were their overwhelming strength and their high resistance against magical attacks. Especially with their «Anti-magic Dragon Scales» on, their magical resistance against the five main elements multiplied.
For Claire and the others who used spirits of the five main elements, they were a truly difficult opponent.
"Claire! «Georgios» alone can't hold them back......!"
And from behind came Fianna's concerned voice.
Her knight spirit was currently handling two of the dragon spirits.
Her opponents were the types without wings or scales --- the close-range specializing raging dragon spirits.
Swinging their giant claws and tail, they were slowly cornering the knight spirit.
The raging dragon spirits were far above in power. The reason they were being held at bay was that the knight spirit had techniques specialized to face dragons.
But there were two opponents. And they were being controlled by skilled elementalists.
As expected, not even the defense specialist knight spirit could reach a decisive conclusion with just a sword and shield.
"Fianna......! Rinslet, please buy me some time!"
Claire immediately requested back-up but---
"......!?"
Ellis landed right in front of her.
"......Aguu!"
"Ellis!"
Looking to the sky, she saw the girl riding the flying dragon spirit dance in the air.
"I said so, I won't let you interrupt Leonora-sama!"
The flying dragon spirit roared, turned towards the fallen Ellis and released innumerable fireballs---
"You!"
Claire quickly swung her Flame Tongue and intercepted the fireballs in midair causing many explosions.
"Ellis, can you still move?"
"......Yeah, sorry. I'm fine."
The wound-covered Ellis held her «Ray Hawk» and unsteadily rose to her feet.
Ellis' spirit was top-class even within the academy. Even disregarding any advantages from battling in the air, to have been beaten so one-sidedly---
"These guys are strong on their own and their teamwork is much more refined than us."
"That's right......"
Claire painfully admitted the truth of Ellis' observation.
If either Claire or Rinslet had backed her up, Ellis should have been able to fight evenly.
But the opponent never let such an opportunity show.
"My Georgios is---"
"Haa, haa......the compatibility with Lindwyrm was too harsh......!"
At some point, they had been boxed in by the four members of the Knights of the Dragon Emperor.
The knight spirit was being pushed back by the two raging dragon spirits and Rinslet was completely worn out.
"---Elimination of the Ordesia representatives. A fair result for our first battle."
Yuri El Cid formed her fire dragon's halberd.
"This is the end. Claire Rouge."
The demon sword that should have been swung---
Was stopped in midair.
"......Wh, what the!?"
Leonora's red eyes widened in shock.
While looking at the face of the violent but still-beautiful face of the girl, Kamito murmured.
"This was originally a technique for hiding while crawling."
Held against the wrist of Leonora's hand which held the demon sword was Kamito's arm.
He couldn't stop her demon sword's attack.
But it was different for the arm wielding the attack.
He had pressed his arm to her wrist just as she exhaled before the attack.
If he drew in when Leonora pulled back her sword and instead pushed with all his strength, it would create a lethal opening --- a simple yet effective taijutsu skill.
Logically, it was simple, but the timing required was fatal. It was not something an amateur could copy.
It was only because Kamito had undergone the harsh training of the «Instructional School» that he could carry it out in real combat.
Leonora's body froze into the position of swinging her sword.
"The technique of a knight without a sword --- alias «Sword Break». A heretical skill. To begin with though, this was the old hag Greyworth's and not the «Instructional School»'s."
"---I see. So this was the technique of the strongest spirit knight in the continent, Lady Greyworth."
The red eyes looked down at Kamito.
Eyes of a dragon that were painted with the joy of battle --- completely battle-crazy eyes.
"But clever tricks are nothing before absolute power......!"
Leonora's divine power rose explosively.
With an inhuman roar that shook the atmosphere, she pushed as if to crush him to death---
"---That's reckless, Leonora!"
At the moment the power balance broke, Kamito sent a palm strike to her solar plexus --- but,
Just before that, she jumped to the side --- it wasn't reactionary, just instinct.
Attacking Kamito's flank, a flash of light gouged out the ground.
The one that had sent out the attack was the ornament on the «Dragon Slayer»'s hilt. If he hadn't dodged, it would have pierced his heart without a doubt.
He jumped while spraying blood from his flank. Because he was dodging purely on instinct, he couldn't soften the landings.
Leonora was swinging the sword in every other direction.
The dividing horizontal slices of the blade. The shockwaves that seemed like they could crush all the bones in one's body.
Kamito's body was blown to the side and smashed into a rock.
......My arm's bone......!
Leonora didn't stop. She charged with increasing roars.
Kamito readied his spirit magic blade at his waist. He would match his opponent's timing and deliver a counter --- it was a dangerous gamble, but there was no alternative.
If I don't beat her quickly, Claire and the others will---
Leonora charged like a dragon, causing tremors as she approached.
He would have no mercy on her who was under the influence of the «Dragon Blood».
If he messed up the timing even slightly --- what awaited him was death.
The moment the clade of the sword entered his vision.
Kamito jumped off the rock behind him.
---I've got you!
Dodging by a hair's breadth, the perfect distance.
He didn't think a blade of this calibre would be able to pierce the magic strengthened Leonora, but there were other ways to fight. If he broke her stance and used several strikes, he should be able to affect even this tough dragon knight---
However.
"I said it, didn't I, that clever tricks won't work on me!"
Leonora Lancaster---
Aimed at Kamito standing before her and threw the «Dragon Slayer».
Wrapped in spiraling air currents, the large sword flew in a straight line.
"......!?"
Kamito had not anticipated this.
Kamito clicked his tongue and dodged but Leonora had already closed in---
"Damn......!"
Kamito instantly used a spirit magic sword to guard. But the magically strengthened Leonora's fist went right through the sword and into Kamito's jaw.
His vision shook. As soon as he realized he was flying in the air, he smacked into the ground.
Goddamn......throwing that huge sword one-handedly? It's too unreasonable......
The point he had been wounded at. He cursed while confirming what parts could still move.
His ribs were cut and a few internal organs had failed.
His fingers had gone numb and couldn't move. It was already a condition unfit to fight.
"---More, make my blood boil more, Kazehaya Kamito. The «Dragon» sleeping within me wants to go crazy with you."
Leonora picked up the demon sword she had thrown and slowly walked towards him.
Like a dragon enjoying the hunt.
"---If not, you'll die."
"......Don't just say whatever you want."
While groaning from the pain, Kamito pushed off the ground and stood up.
More than before, the flames from the riverside had grown more vicious and black smoke rose from it.
Claire, Ellis, Fianna, Rinslet......
He gripped his numbed fingers at the regret of not being able to protect them.
I can't win against Leonora Lancaster at this rate---
Kamito affirmed that calmly.
---That's right, if it stayed like this.
The spirit seal on his left hand ached. No, he had already noticed. Since not too long ago, the seal had been burning with feverish heat.
The «Gate» that had never opened since that day three years ago.
But now he could feel her calling out to him.
He just had to call her name. With just that, he would regain the strongest demon sword.
The power to defeat Leonora and save his female comrades.
The highest ranked darkness Elemental Waffe --- «Vorpal Sword».
He could return in an instant. To the Ren Ashbell of three years ago.
But that was under the condition that he severed the contract on his other hand.
The sword spirit girl that had closed her heart off in sadness and was alone in the darkness.
I---
Kamito's voice shook like a groan.
That was a momentary conflict. A loss of direction.
But he quickly raised his head and shook it.
He had already resolved it from the beginning.
I am Est's master!
Leonora's red eyes glared viciously as she approached---
"Kazehaya Kamito, I am disappointed in you."
The «Dragon Slayer» pierced Kamito's chest.
Inside his consciousness that had sunk into darkness---
Kamito found a girl sitting down while hugging her knees.
The silvery white hair that shone brilliantly even in the darkness.
Her unblemished white skin was like a frozen blade.
"---Est."
Kamito placed his hand against the cheek of the sword spirit that had closed her heart.
The mysterious violet eyes widened in surprise.
"Kamito......!"
"Est, I ask you --- lend me your power. I need you to protect our friends!"
Turning to the squatting Est, Kamito cried out.
But Est wordlessly shook her head.
"Kamito, I am sorry. I can't be your sword anymore."
"Why---"
"I will, one day, take away Kamito's life."
At that time, something cold was felt on Kamito's fingertips.
"......Est?"
Those were tears.
She was once a sword spirit that had shown not a single emotion.
When his fingers touched her, a whirlpool of emotions flowed into him.
The Sacred Queen and the «Demon Slayer» --- the last of their memories together.

In front of Est---
The sacred maiden that had defeated the maou's body crystallized into a spirit stone.
"Mas......ter......?"
"Est, don't make that kind of face."
Areishia's right hand that could still move touched Est's cheek as she struggled to talk.
"I knew about this from the beginning."
She wore such an adult expression despite being only sixteen years old.
Seeing even those fingertips crystallize---
The sword spirit finally understood.
That this was --- a curse.
The combined resentment and curses of the spirits that had been slain by the holy sword's power thus far.
That had amassed until the limit and was eroding her master's body.
The «Demon Slayer» was a sword that destroyed all curses.
But those curses didn't disappear from this world. The holy sword that had absorbed those various curses would one day pass them onto its master.
The spirit weapon --- «Terminus Est» was not a holy sword.
Taking the user's life in exchange for granting enormous power was unmistakably the properties of a demon sword.
"No......way......"
The girl's forgiving hand. Est could not watch as those fingers that had always gently pet her head hardened and became a spirit stone.
"Master! I didn't know! That I---"
"I know, Est."
Areishia smiled and gazed at Est gently.
"Master......you knew that you would......"
"Yes. That's why it's not Est's fault."
While patting Est's silvery white hair, she slowly nodded.
But her voice wavered and tears gathered in those eyes.
It was obvious. In the face of death, there was no way she wasn't afraid.
That's why she wasn't anything like a sacred maiden.
She was just a normal sixteen year old girl.
"Master......"
"Good bye, Est. My only friend."
"No, you can't......master......!"
A small voice leaked from Est's lips.
"No......Arei......shia......!"
"......That's the first time you've called my name. I'm hap.....py......"
"......!?"
With a clear sound, the girl's neck crystallized.
Est could do nothing but watch.
At the moment the girl who had revealed her heart for the first time shattered after becoming a clear crystal.
"Est, I---"
The hot tears dropped onto Est's cheek.
"Honestly, didn't want to become anything like a sacred maiden."
"---Areishia!"
A wail echoed through the maou's castle.
For the sacred maiden that bore the hopes of all people and had fought to this point alone---
That was her end.

And so Est sealed herself in the maou's armory.
So that nobody would contract the demon sword hidden deep within.
So she would never lose anybody important again.
She would never open her heart to anyone --- she solemnly swore that.
"---I have no right to become Kamito's sword."
"......"
Kamito became speechless at Est's past that he had caught a glance of.
The girl that had given emotion to this spirit weapon girl that had none.
Est had stolen that girl's life herself with her curse.
That's why she closed her heart.
For how many hundreds of years, she had continued to separate herself from those who wanted to contract her.
So she would never be touched by anyone else again.
Kamito could not imagine how lonely that must have been.
"Est......"
Kamito rubbed the edge of Est's eye.
Those mysterious purple eyes blinked.
"Don't say you don't have the right. I need Est."
"You can't......if you continue to use a demon sword like me, I'll steal your life!"
Kamito placed his hand on Est's head.
"I won't lose to that kind of curse."
He pet that beautiful silvery white hair.
"Fuaa......Kamito......stop, please......"
"I won't. Until you stop crying, that is."
"Kami......to......"
"Est, your curse and your destiny as a demon sword, I'll take it all."
And then---
He hugged Est's delicate body to himself.
"So come back, Est!"
"No......I will, to Kamito......"
To stop those words---
Kamito embraced Est and sealed her lips.
"......!?"
Est's eyes shot open in surprise.
That was the ritual to contract a top-level spirit.
The kiss of oath.
Kamito gently separated their lips.
"I'll say it once more, Est. I need you."
He yelled this out while holding her delicate body tightly.
"Become my sword, Est!"
In response to Kamito's powerful words---
"Kamito, I---"
Est's silvery white hair shined.

"......Wha!?"
Leonora's red eyes widened.
From the right hand of Kamito who should've been knocked out, a strong light was shining.
"---Dispassionate Queen of Steel, the sacred sword that destroys evil!"
His quivering lips chanted the summoning spirit words.
"......!?"
Faced with the vigorous voice that had a mysterious edge to it, Leonora took a step back.
"......It can't be, the «Dragon» inside me is scared?"
The «Dragon Blood» was in a fully awakened state so she could understand, this was true fear.
And so---
"---Now form a sword of steel and be the power in my hand!"
As if to burn the eyes, a fierce light was emitted!
In front of Kamito, the «Gate» connecting a master and their contracted spirit opened.
The one that appeared was a girl with beautiful fluttering silvery white hair.
"......Es......t, thank you. For listening to my selfishness."
While pushing down on the hole in his chest, he smiled wryly.
"Kamito, I am your sword --- for as long as you wish."
The uniformed Est said that with the same expressionless face as always.
He wondered if the slightly red cheeks he could see were because of the flames.
"So you've called back the «Demon Slayer»......"
The radiance of Leonora's red eyes rose.
"This is the reason there is worth in defeating you!"
Roaring, she swung the «Dragon Slayer»---
"---Destroy, tyrannical demonic dragon!"
A crimson light shot out from the tip of the sword.
It blazed the ground and instantly disintegrated the trees in its path.
"---Est!"
But Est didn't avoid it and simply stood there.
With an expression like ice, she turned to the inferno and put out her palm.
"---I am talking with Kamito right now, so don't disturb us."
The inferno that raged over the earth was dispersed with ease.
"......!?"
Leonora widened her eyes in shock.
Est gave off a fierce aura that didn't match with her magnificent appearance.
"......Est, let's go!"
"Yes!"
Kamito shakily got to his feet and held Est's hand.
His chest wound opened and a large amount of blood splattered across the ground.
His arm's joints were dislocated, his ribs were broken.
It was a condition that could only be described as covered in wounds.
But for some reason, he knew he wouldn't lose.
Just having Est nearby seemed to send strength welling up from deep within him.
Kamito chanted the spirit words for releasing and Est's body scattered into light particles.
In the next instant, Kamito's hands were holding a silvery white shining sword.
Demon Slayer --- Terminus Est.
"Let's do this, Leonora Lancaster!"
Kamito shouted as he readied Est in both hands.
There was no need for clever tricks --- just one attack was enough.
"---Answer to the call of my blood, demonic dragon, rampage!"
Leonora also positioned her «Dragon Slayer» again and roared.
And both sacred sword users ran at the same time.
"Ohhhhhhhhhhh!"
"Ahhhhhhhhhhh!"
The wind from the swords dug into the ground and sent dirt and sand flying.
"---Taste the boiling of my blood with your body!"
The large sword being swung before his eyes.
Wrapped in enough divine power to blow him away if it even grazed, Leonora charged.
But Kamito did not fear it and instantly accelerated towards it.
There was nothing to fear.
Because Kamito now had the strongest sword.
"Est, your sadness and despair, I will put an end to all of it!"
When the two blades met, the «Demon Slayer» gave off a radiance---
And shattered the «Dragon Slayer» in one strike.
"......No way, Leonora-sama was!?"
Yuri El Cid exclaimed.
The divine power she had felt coming from not too far away had stopped.
"Looking away in the midst of battle? We're being really underestimated."
The momentary opening provided by the iron wall dragon knight. Claire would not let it slip.
Swinging her Flame Tongue, she knocked the halberd from her hands.
"......Shit!"
"---Scarlet!"
The flame whip instantly reverted to a hellcat and attacked.
"Tch!"
Yuri kicked the ground and retreated.
"We're stopping the hunt. Retreat!"
"Yuri-sama!?"
"Leonora-sama lost."
"Wha......!"
The face colors of the Knights of the Dragon Emperor's changed instantly.
But as natural-born soldiers, they quickly understood the situation and promptly followed the order, retreating into the forest.
"I won't let you! Freezing fangs, pierce --- Freezing Arrow!"
Rinslet shot her ice arrows, but they were blocked by the forest's trees.
"Kamito beat Leonora?"
"......It seems like that's the case."
Claire nodded as she looked in the direction of the burning camp site.

"......Why are you not taking my «Magic Stone»?"
Leonora who was lying on the blazing ground asked.
Her mad red eyes had returned to a calm black.
......It seemed that the «Dragon Blood» had calmed down.
"I won't say it's a reward for helping me get Est back but---"
Kamito also fell down.
It was a much more delicate body than he had imagined.
Her noble face entered his eyes.
"This time I'll pardon you. And I'd like to blade dance with the real dragon knight Leonora rather than one influenced by «Dragon Blood»."
"......Naive, aren't you."
"......Well, the truth is I can't even move a finger anyway."
Kamito said so with a wry smile and Leonora turned her head with a red face.
"A, as I thought, you're dangerous......in various ways."
"What's that mean? What are these various ways?"
"Y, you're quite noisy, you licentious beast!"
Leonora sent Kamito flying and stood up.
The «Dragon Blood» rampage seemed to have eaten up her divine power so she was shaky on her feet.
"I won't lose next time, Kazehaya Kamito."
"Yeah, me neither. I have no intention of losing."
Leonora smiled and disappeared into the flames.
"......Kamito is really a master with no fidelity."
Hearing the pouting voice of Est from overhead, Kamito passed out.

---And this time he didn't see that dream.

Kamito awakened on a stretcher in the tent.
It seemed Claire and the others had found the unconscious Kamito.
Bandages wrapped his injuries here and there. The clumsily wrapped portions were likely Claire's handiwork.
......It looks like the ojou-samas were safe.
Just as he breathed a sigh of relief and got up---
"You still shouldn't be moving, Kamito."
"Owaa, E, Est!"
The fully naked sword spirit quickly lay down beside him.
......No, there were, of course, knee socks covering her feet.
"Est......"
If it were the regular Kamito, this would be where he would scold her,
Well, I'll forgive her for today......
Kamito hugged Est to himself.
"Fuwa......Ka, Kamito!?"
Est's shoulders shook.
Because she always maintained a cool and expressionless face, that action was interesting.
"......I was lonely. I won't get mad today so stay with me here."
With a wry smile, he brought the blanket over Est's small body.
"Kamito......"
Est widened her violet eyes and attached herself to him.
Her mouth was lightly smiling in joy.
"Kamito, you're warm......"
"I see."
While Kamito's heart raced, he hugged the quivering Est's shoulders.
Under the blanket, Est told him various things about what happened after she vanished.
About the single moment when her «True Body» had connected with Kamito. But soon after that, the «Gate» had closed again so she now had a personality separate from that of the legendary «Demon Slayer».
Unexpectedly, the sacred maiden Areishia, which was a lost memory to the current Est --- is what it meant.
Her memory was fragmented, so her memory only really started from when they'd met about two months ago.
Kamito was confused for a while but---
"......At any rate, it's fine to just say that Est is Est, right?"
"Yes, Kamito. That understanding is fine."
......And since it seemed to work, he stopped thinking deeply about it.
Then---
"Kamito, are you really not regretting it?"
"Of course not. I won't say it twice."
Kamito replied decisively to Est's question.
"A cursed demon sword or whatever, Est is my sword --- from now on and in the future."
"But I will steal Kamito's life......"
"Hey, Est---"
Kamito interrupted.
"Est right now only has about a tenth of the past «Demon Slayer», right?"
"Yes, Kamito."
Est nodded from within his arms.
"So the curse is only a tenth of its original. If it's only that much, at the very least, I won't turn into stone during this Blade Dance."
Kamito stroked Est's hair.
"I didn't join the Blade Dance to have a «Wish» granted by the spirit king. But I have found a «Wish» I want to fulfill."
That was to remove Est's curse and make her into a true sacred sword.
"Yes, Kamito. I am your sword --- for as long as you wish."
She said it with the same expressionless face, but with great vigor behind it.
And at that time.
The entrance to the tent opened---
"Wha!?" "How shameless......!" "Kamito-kun, how bold......"
Ellis, Rinslet and Fianna's jaws dropped open.
Then---
"Y, you, whwhwh, what are you doing!"
Gogogogogogogogogo......!
Claire approached with her Flame Tongue in hand.
"W, wait, Claire, this is......"
Kamito quickly tried to make an excuse---
The fully-naked-except-for-knee-socks Est stood up in front of Claire.
"Wh, what is it......"
Claire faltered in front of her oppressive force.
"Kamito is my master."
"......E, even so, this is a problem about you sleeping together!"
"Claire also sleeps with Scarlet."
"S, she's a cat so it's fine!"
"I am a cat."
"Eh?"
"I am Kamito's sword. Kamito's kitten. Kamito's toy......that's why there is no problem."
Having said that, Est clung onto Kamito.
"Fuaaa......a t, toy......wh, what are you saying!"
Claire yelled with a red face and teary eyes.
"Kamito said he would accept all of me."
"Wha, what is that......Ka, Kamito is my slave spirit!"
Fianna patted the frustrated Claire's back.
"Claire, let's let Est have Kamito for a day. Just for today."
"Kamito-san, as I thought, you really like small girls!"
"To lay your hands on young girls, th, that needs to be fixed! Become neapolitan!"
The glaring Rinslet and Ellis who had drawn her sword both looked at Kamito with cold eyes.
"It is okay, Kamito. I will protect you."
"Please spare me the blade dancing......"
---The first night of the «Blade Dance» passed.

---Kamito, I am your sword. For as long as you wish.
And with that, it has been a three month silence. This is Shimizu Yuu.
The elemental fantasy "Seirei Tsukai no Blade Dance" has reached its fifth volume!
One night after the difficult fight with Muir from the <Instructional School>, Kamito loses Est and falls into despair. The ojou-samas attempt to cheer (through ecchi means) that Kamito up. The <Blade Dance>'s real battle starts while he still hasn't recovered Est. The mysterious Ren Ashbell. The awakened dragon knight, Leonora. And the truth about the legendary <Demon Slayer>......!
In this fifth volume that touches upon Est's past, I've also packed in plenty of the battle x love comedy attributes!
Announcements. I was lent a small section in the anthology of MF Bunko J's extremely popular "Boku wa Tomodachi ga Sukunai," "Boku wa Tomodachi ga Sukunai - Universe" (It goes on sale at the same time as Seirei volume 5). Sagara Sou-sensei, Yuuji Yuuji-sensei, Watari Wataru-sensei (and around fifty others), with such wonderful professional writers and the creator of the original work, Hirasaka Yomi, it feels like the tension is high. For fans of "Haganai" or the author, please give a it a read. Sakura Hanpen-sensei's godly cute illustrations are also included.
Sakura Hanpen-sensei also drew a wonderful front cover and illustrations. Thank you very much. Est's heartrending expression squeezed my heart......hooray for half-nakedness!
Yoshihira Zenzai-sensei who is drawing the manga. Truly, thank you for drawing such a high-quality masterpiece. Claire with her hair flitting about is cute.
MFJ's hyper media producer, Shouji-san, I caused you a lot of trouble this time as well.
And the greatest thanks goes to you who has this in their hands!
The other day, a signing event was held and it made me very happy to be able to talk with those who read "Seirei".
Seeing the impressions on the online questionnaire spur me on. By the way, the knee socks spirit Est made a comeback to first place in the fourth volume popularity vote. Rinslet-ojou-sama moved from sixth to second place. Could this be the era of Est and Rinslet......!?
"Now they won't call me Rin-whatsherface-san!" (From Rinslet)
---With that, next time is volume 6. Let's meet again in "The Strongest Blade Dancer (tentative)"!
January 2011, Shimizu Yuu
Good to meet you or long time no see, it's Sakura Hanpen!
Est finally gets a cover illustration!
Somehow, I have a satisfied feeling!
I'm so glad......Est-chan returned (´; ω ;`)
When I read the volume 5 manuscript, my heart was racing!
I really liked the heart-breaking beautiful Areishia-san.
Look forward to the next volume that's slowly building tension...!
Or rather, Kamito's really popular, huh.
I want him to explode! Damn it!
I'd really like to wake up next to a naked bishoujo in knee socks.
Somebody please quickly invent a way to travel into the 2D world.
Well then, I'll stop around here!
The next volume's cover might feature someone unexpected!
Also, Shimizu-sensei, when will you come to my house in maid clothes?
Shouji-san's eyes are glowing, so I'd better stop here.
Let's meet again in the next volume~ (´ω`)ノッ


--The streets were plunged into a sea of flames.
This was a tiny rural town on the borders of the Ordesia Empire.
This was not the result of war -- Destruction had descended without warning.
On that day, a rain of fire fell from the sky.
This was the punishment cast upon the townsfolk who had been negligent in their offerings to Volcanicus, the Fire Elemental Lord.
Raging flames incinerated homes and turned the surrounding farmland into scorched earth instantly.
The people fled for their lives from the swirling flames and black smoke, desperately praying for absolution.
They had not intentionally neglected their offerings for the Elemental Lord. Only because they had been met with a rare drought, the crops used for offerings had failed to come to harvest.
Despite the dance performances of beautiful princess maidens together with the total offering of all stored grain originally meant for winter consumption, the Elemental Lord's wrath could not be placated.
Before the anger of the great Elemental Lord, humans were completely powerless. All people could do was bow their head and gnash their teeth, desperately enduring and waiting for the disaster to pass.
"--Great Elemental Lord, we beseech you to calm your wrath."
High ranking princess maidens serving at the Divine Ritual Institute had been offering prayers at the sanctuary's Great Shrine for three days straight to appease the Elemental Lord's anger.
And the one chosen to lead them was the newly appointed Fire Queen, a girl only fifteen years old.
While the other princess maidens rested in shifts, she alone focused all her efforts on sustaining the prayer with neither rest nor sleep.
At the same time, the imagery of the people devoured by the crimson flames was branded deeply in her red eyes.
The rain of destruction finally halted on the morning of the fourth day.
Streets that had been bustling mere days earlier were now turned into a wasteland of scorched earth.
Homes were all incinerated, leaving nothing behind but ashen gray despair.
The peaceful everyday life the townsfolk had worked hard to maintain was transformed into ash in but an instant.
And after all had ended--
"The merciful Elemental Lord has heard our prayers."
The elderly shrine leader spoke to comfort the prostrated Queen.
However, the young Queen covered her ears and shook her head.
I wasn't able to do anything. I failed to protect them -- that was what she thought to herself.
"Why... Why did the Elemental Lord do such a thing to innocent citizens..."
"Rubia-sama, the will of the Elemental Lords cannot be understood by mortal humans. All we can do is pray for forgiveness. Rubia-sama, you have already done spectacularly."
In actual fact, amongst the people of the destroyed town, there was no one who had a single complaint. Having had all their possessions taken away by a tyrannical and unreasonable disaster, the townsfolk felt nothing but sincere gratitude towards the Queen who had placated the Elemental Lord's wrath.
--Nevertheless, such gratitude stabbed into girl's heart and soul, more painfully than any vicious curse.
(--This is virtually like that time in the past.)
The girl's awareness was brought back to the present from her reminiscing.
Swirling crimson flames roared as they incinerated the trees in the forest. Muir Alenstarl was employing the military spirit Garuda whose hellfire was incinerating a team's stronghold.
The masked girl silently gazed as the forest was devoured by the raging burning fires before her eyes.
With this, four teams had been eliminated by Team Inferno. Adding those annihilated by Nepenthes Lore and Restia by themselves, seven teams were gone. In other words, out of all the teams participating in the current Blade Dance festival, almost one third of them had already been eliminated by Team Inferno.
The magic stones obtained were more than enough to ensure advancement to the finals.
However, this was completely inconsequential to the girl.
(...My goal is not victory in the Blade Dance festival.)
Looking up at the dawn sky, she whispered.
"The Demon King's successor, Ren Ashbell -- we must properly prepare a sixth Queen to serve him."
Several hours earlier, Restia had taken Nepenthes Lore without permission to induce Kazehaya Kamito's awakening. But apparently, her plan ended in failure.
However, the darkness spirit's betrayal was expected. Even though the loss of Nepenthes Lore was a miscalculation, the plan was not affected in any major way.
(From the very start, I never had any intention of handing to that darkness spirit control over the Demon King who is about to awaken.)
There were only two potential candidates. The decision was about to reach the final stage.
"What bonds of destiny. No matter which one, both of them have such deep connections to my past."
In particular, there was that particular girl with such a rare disposition to become Queen.
From the inner pocket of her military uniform, the masked girl took out a pendant on a silver chain.
The inlaid ruby -- a spirit crystal which sealed memories, displayed the figure of a young girl in a dress.
Her hair tied into two fiery bunches. Crystal clear ruby-like eyes.
This was the frail and vulnerable girl who had always hid behind her elder sister and parents.
The masked girl originally thought that they would never meet again since that particular day, four years ago--
"Oh my, looks like Ren Ashbell-sama still misses that young lady greatly."
Hearing the voice from behind, the masked girl swiftly closed the pendant in her hand.
Turning around, she found the one standing there to be--
The girl whose image was displayed just an instant earlier in the pendant.
But instead of a dress, she was now wearing the uniform of Areishia Spirit Academy.
Neither was she in her childhood appearance. Instead, this was her after years of growth.
"How truly tasteless, witch. Or are you trying to mock me?"
The eyes behind the mask glared coldly at the one imitating Claire Rouge's form.
Although her voice remained calm, the fallen leaves by her feet were already smoking as if being burned by a fire.
"Ufufu, how rare to see you display such emotion. Could this girl be the candidate for the sixth Queen required by your plan?"
"--None of your concern. Be gone."
Instantly, her fingertips released swift and ferocious flames.
Enveloped in crimson flames, the image of Claire Rouge vanished like a mirage.
"So scary. It's like even treading on your shadow is forbidden."
The air shook and immediately at the spot where Claire had disappeared--
A beautiful girl appeared with a mocking smile.
Her shoulder length hair was a striking and vibrant blue. Excessively beautiful and reminiscent of snakes bearing deadly venom -- that was the impression one received from that sort of blue.
Dressed in an outfit in the style of an erotic dancer, she had a thin veil covering her mouth.
She was the elementalist -- Sjora Kahn.
The princess of the Alphas Theocracy, and at the same time, the second-in-command of Team Inferno.
"I hope you have not forgotten. That the identity prepared for you to participate in the Blade Dance as well as the military spirits at your disposal are all provided by my home country?"
"In exchange, I promised to obtain victory."
"Of course there would be no problem if that happened. However, you seem to be hiding things from us, your collaborators, secretly plotting something."
"What are you trying to insinuate?"
"Hey, are you really that Strongest Blade Dancer?"
Sjora Kahn scoffed.
"If you have any doubts about my power, would you like a taste right now, witch?"
Instantly, all vegetation at her feet was burnt to ash. Neither through chanting spirit magic nor summoning a contracted spirit, but simply from her released will, flames were produced.
"Fufu, just kidding. I still value my own life... Oh my?"
Suddenly, the witch's eyebrow jumped.
"What is it?"
"Looks like while I was out, contemptible rats have scurried inside."
Sjora licked her lips with delight. She was the one who constructed Team Inferno's stronghold. Furthermore, rather than a defensive stronghold, it was a nest prepared for hunting foolish prey.
"...Ufufu, looks like I'll be able to have some fun."
The witch's lips displayed a smile of delight. She loved toying with prey that had fallen into a trap. As her red eyes flashed with glittering brilliance, Sjora disappeared into the depths of the forest.
(...To what extent is the Alphas Theocracy's Snake aware of the plan?)
Sjora Kahn's actions were difficult to predict. In consideration of the plan, perhaps she should be eliminated immediately.
(...No, there is still value in using Alphas. Eliminating the witch right now would not be wise.)
Quietly, the masked girl shook her head as she gazed up at the sky where sparks flew and scattered, whispering.
"Well then, the princess maiden suited to the position of Darkness Queen, which one would it be?"

It was the fourth morning during the main battle of the Blade Dance festival -- the Tempest.
"Uwah... Ah..."
Lying on the futon in the tent, Kamito suppressed yet another yawn for who knew how many times already.
The morning after the intense battle against Nepenthes Lore, the whole team had just saw off the departure of Milla Bassett, the leader of the Rupture Division who had resolved herself to forfeit the event.
By the fourth day of the main battle, every team had already built their strongholds, and the blade dance was heating up. This was not supposed to be a time of rest, but having undergone the battle against Nepenthes Lore last night, Team Scarlet's members were all utterly exhausted.
Hence, they all decided to stay and defend the stronghold for a day in order to obtain sufficient rest.
(But this is unbearable...)
Kamito groaned as he turned on the bedding.
Despite his body's exhaustion and the sleepiness he felt, he simply could not fall asleep.
The reason was due to the memories Kamito glimpsed during the instant when Restia disappeared.
The memories of that day, sealed somewhere deep in his mind.
As Ren Ashbell, the strongest blade dancer, Kamito had emerged victorious from the Blade Dance three years ago.
Towards the young Kamito, Restia had declared her Wish--
'I hope you can assassinate them. The five Elemental Lords.'
(Assassinate Elemental Lords... What on earth did that mean?)
Lording over all spirits, ruling the elements that comprised the world -- they were the Five Great Elemental Lords.
They were not simply particularly powerful spirits. --If one had to describe it, this world could be considered their creation.
(Have me... Assassinate them?)
Why -- No, before considering why, this was simply beyond a human's ability.
What happened in the end to the Wish three years ago, Kamito had virtually no recollection.
What he could still remember was only the instant when that hateful and black Wish devoured her.
He was struck with an intense headache. Every time he tried to dig into his memories, this intense dizziness would occur.
It almost felt like the domain storing the memories had been uprooted whole.
(...That time, I failed to catch her hand.)
Kamito tightly clenched his leather gloved left hand. Mere hours ago, before she disappeared, the sensation of embracing her in his arms still lingered on his fingertips.
She had not been exterminated from this world. Simply exhausted in power, unable to manifest for now. The spirit seal branded on the back of his left hand was proof of that.
--At this time.
"...Hmm?"
Suddenly, Kamito noticed a sense of dissonance near his lower body.
Something seemed to be crawling around, restless around his waist. The cold soft touch felt a bit like the scales of a reptile.
(...A wild snake?)
Surprised, Kamito frowned and lifted the blanket from the bed.
"...E-Est!?"
The girl who slipped beneath his blanket was the sword spirit.
Her silver-white hair shone lustrously under the sunlight. Tender white skin that resembled the color of fresh milk.
Expressionlessly, she was gazing at Kamito with her mysterious violet eyes.
"Ah... Wait a minute, y-you, why are you dressed like that!?"
Kamito widened his eyes and shouted.
This was not her usual naked kneesocks look.
Est was currently wearing a tight-fitting erotic studded leather bondage suit in black.
The garter belt could be seen extending from beneath the leather miniskirt. Her bare feet were clad in black longboots.
Entwined several times around her right hand was a leather whip. In her left hand was a red candle.
Clad in this outfit, the cute little girl displayed even greater seductive charm than when fully nude.
"Kamito, is dressing like this really strange?"
Continuing her posture of riding on Kamito's abdomen, Est asked expressionlessly.
"No, rather than strange, let's just say the meaning is not... Hot, this is burning hot!"
Who knew when it had been lit, but the melting candle wax was dripping onto Kamito's upper body.
"Do you feel happy, Kamito?"
"No, who the heck would feel happy!? This burns, that's all!"
Kamito frantically blew out the flame on the candle.
Est inclined her head in puzzlement.
"...Not happy?"
"I'm not interested in something like this! By the way, who taught you this?"
"...How regrettable. This book says that people feel happy when wax is dripped on them."
Est took out a book from somewhere. Although Kamito was not very knowledgeable about novels, he could tell it was a love novel aimed at teenagers.
Casually flipping through the pages, he found beautiful illustrations throughout.
On first glance, there was nothing extraordinary about it, no different from a normal novel--
"...Wha!"
On one of the final pages, Kamito could not help but voice his surprise.
Probably the section most visited by the owner, this page was marked by a fold.
It was a scene where an elegant high-class lady was being punished by the butler working in the household.
The illustration depicted the high-class lady's ecstatic expression as wax was dripped onto her bare skin.
"E-Est, this kind of book is not appropriate for you! It's too early for you, Est!"
Kamito instantly closed the book with a smack... Although Est was an elemental who had already lived for centuries, that was not where the issue lay.
"Where did you find this book?"
"Claire keeps it under her pillow."
"T-That girl, I can't believe she's reading this kind of book when she is a lady of nobility..."
Kamito's face convulsed as he grumbled quietly.
"So, which side does Kamito prefer?"
"Huh?"
Kamito answered Est's expressionless query with a question.
"Yes. To whip or be whipped... Whichever you choose, Kamito, all shall be according to your will."
"...!?"
Kamito could not help but gasp.
Instantly, his heart raced as he imagined Est wielding a leather whip tensely, restrained in a bondage suit, with numerous whip marks on her adorable rear end.
(...Damn me, what am I thinking about!?)
Kamito shook his head violently.
Whipping Est or anything like that... I can't possibly do that.
"I'd rather suffer a hundredfold than let Est be treated that way."
This forceful declaration prompted Est to nod.
"Yes, Kamito. So this means you prefer to be whipped, Kamito?"
"Eh? No that's not right, you're mistaken... Ouch!"
Smack smack!
Est remained expressionless as she began to whip Kamito's upper body.
"E-Est, what are you doing!?"
"Kamito, do you feel happy?"
Smack smack!
"Like I said, I don't have that kind of unusual interest!"
"In other words... Unhappy?"
Est tilted her head in puzzlement.
"A-Ahhh... Perhaps there exist people in this world who might be happy, but I'm not one of them."
Kamito shook his head as he rubbed his painful skin.
Hearing his words, Est slumped her shoulders as if a bit disheartened.
"Sorry, Kamito. Does it hurt?"
"Ah, don't worry about it... Umm, I appreciate your well-intentions, Est, but there is no need to put them into action."
"Huah..."
Kamito gently caressed Est's head as she inquired with worry.
After all, Est had come up with this less than ideal plan after much thought, for the sake of making Kamito happy. Reprimanding her would be quite pitiful.
"By the way, where did you get this equipment?"
"Hmm, from amongst Fianna's ritual equipment."
"...I see. So the other culprit is Her Highness the imperial princess."
Skilled in ritual magic, Fianna had brought to the grounds a large amount of equipment for festival rites and rituals. Amongst them included animal ears and exotic foreign clothes with bold high slits etc. Various ritual attires of unknown purposes were fully stocked in all shapes and sizes.
(...I can understand the candle, but aren't the leather whip and bondage suit way too weird?)
...That said, Kamito was completely uninitiated in the domain of ritual magic and had no basis to comment.
At this moment, the curtain draping over the tent's entrance was vigorously thrown open.
"...Kamito-kun, what on earth is going on!?"
"Fianna?"
A beautiful girl with gorgeous waist-length black hair had made her appearance.
Fianna Ray Ordesia, Her Highness the imperial princess.
Covering her mouth, her dusk-colored eyes were staring wide open.
Her gaze was directed towards the bondage suited girl riding on Kamito.
"...Kamito-kun?"
"Y-You've misunderstood, this is, umm..."
Kamito frantically tried to diffuse the misunderstanding, but—
"...Hmph, to think Kamito-kun actually had a thing for this."
Fianna was murmuring as if coming to a realization, cheeks blushing slightly.
"...In that case, you should have said so earlier."
"Eh?"
"I-It's not a problem! Even if Kamito-kun has such unusual tastes, I will accommodate you fully! Besides, it's not like I'm not interested either..."
Shyly covering her increasingly reddened face, the imperial princess turned around and fled.
"Fianna, w-wait!"
...It would be troublesome if this misunderstood scene was not cleared up. Transferring Est who was riding his body to the bed, Kamito frantically got up, planning to chase after Fianna. But just as he was about to exit the tent—
"Hey Kamito, my book's gone missing... Wah!"
Rushing without paying attention, he almost collided with the girl who was entering the tent.
The one arriving was the red twintailed beautiful girl with blazing eyes of ruby.
"C-Claire!?"
"Kamito... Seriously, what are you doing in such a panic..."
Claire frowned in surprise--
...Then turned her gaze towards the depths of the tent.
Over there was Est's crouching figure, dressed immodestly.
"Y-Y-You even made your contracted spirit d-dress, d-dress like that...?"
Rumble rumble rumble rumble rumble rumble rumble rumble...!
"W-Wait a second, that's all because of your b--"
"Excuses are futile. You great pervert, prepare to turn into charcoal!"
Completely mercilessly, Claire summoned Flametongue.
...Several minutes later.
"Y-You are really the worst, the utter w-worst, w-worst kind of pervert!"
As Claire smacked her whip against the ground, Kamito knelt before her.
Seeing him in this disgraceful state, no one could possibly believe he was once the Strongest Blade Dancer, Ren Ashbell, whom girls all over the continent idolized.
"I can't believe you made Est wear th-that indecent outfit..."
Simply recalling the image was enough to make her blush... What a pure and innocent young lady.
"No wait, speaking of which, the whole reason Est dressed like that was because of your book, right?"
Kamito narrowed his eyes and questioned in return. Instantly, Claire's expression froze completely.
"...Say, Kamito."
"Hmm?"
"Could it be possible, did you actually see the contents of the book?"
"No, I didn't read it but simply flipped through it."
"I-Is that so... Then it's fine."
Claire breathed a sigh of relief.
(...Hoho, I see.)
Kamito gloated in his mind... This was perhaps a chance for a counterattack.
"Oh well, I did glance at that one folded page."
"...Eh!?"
"It was really shocking. To think that a daughter of the prestigious Elstein family would read that kind of shameless book."
"...!?"
Claire's face instantly became bright red.
"I-It's not some kind of shameless book, okay! It's a noble love story!"
"I don't see it at all... By the way, didn't you want to experience the same thing that happened to the heroine?"
"N-No, th-that, th-that kind of thing is impossible, you pervert...!"
Claire frantically denied the suggestion. However, her tone of voice sounded rather weak and unconvincing.
"You're actually the pervert, right, Claire? If other people in the Academy found out you were reading that kind of book, how do you think they'd react?"
"T-That kind of thing... N-No, I am not some kind of pervert..."
Claire gazed at Kamito with tears in her eyes.
(...Crap, I think I went too far.)
Kamito scratched his head, a little apologetic.
...Every time he was talking to Claire, somehow he always felt the urge to tease her.
"What happened here? What's with all the noise?"
Rinslet entered at this time, returning from the path in the woods.
Her emerald eyes flashed brightly. Her rose-colored lips invited tender affection.
Bathed beneath the sunlight, her platinum blonde hair glittered with brilliant luster.
Spotting Kamito sitting formally in kneeling posture, she raised her eyebrows and frowned.
"Claire, are you punishing people again? Kamito-san is such a poor dear."
Despite her haughty attitude which easily caused misunderstandings, Rinslet was in actual fact a very kind-hearted young lady.
"B-Because Kamito..."
"Kamito-san, you should stop serving this violent master. Come and be my slave instead. If you do that, I will personally prepare food for you every day."
Blushing slightly, Rinslet made her offer.
"...Hmm, even though it's strange for a master to be cooking personally for the slave, that doesn't sound so bad at all."
Kamito nodded as a joke. Rinslet's cooking skills were indisputable. If he were really treated to such delicious cuisine every day, oh how wonderful his days would be.
However--
"...W-Wait a minute, Kamito?"
Claire seemed frozen as if she had suffered some kind of shock.
...Making an expression like an abandoned kitten, she bit her lip hard.
Seeing her like that, Kamito shrugged.
"However..."
He stood up from the ground and placed his hand on her head.
"I already have a contract with Claire."
Contracted. I will become your contracted spirit -- That was how it went.
"Kamito..."
Claire instantly blushed as she stared at Kamito.
Then she averted her gaze as if embarrassed--
"T-That's right, Kamito is indeed my slave spirit. Furthermore, I-I have already given you my first time."
"Your first time?"
"W-What on earth is this!?"
Rinslet's voice shuddered.
(...Could it be, she meant that time?)
Kamito inclined his head in thought and finally remembered.
That was not long after he had met Claire, back when the military spirit had gone berserk in the academy town.
At the time, in order to motivate Kamito who was in a state of dejection after re-encountering Restia, Claire had kissed Kamito.
Surely she was blushing because she recalled what happened back then.
...Feeling a little embarrassed himself, Kamito also averted eye contact as he scratched his face.
"No fair, what is with you two!? It feels like I'm the only one left out!"
Pouting, Rinslet displayed anger on her face.
At this time, a sudden gust of wind blew by.
"Yah!" "Uwah!"
"...!?"
The two young ladies frantically pressed down on the hems of their skirts.
"K-Kamito, you must have seen it!"
"Kamito-san is such a pervert."
"No, it was unavoidable just now--"
"Hmm, Kamito, what sort of shameless act are you engaged in again?"
Just as Kamito shook his head repeatedly in protest, a shrill voice was heard from the air above.
Stern brown eyes. A ponytail swaying in the cyclone.
A storm gathering about her, the girl stared at Kamito as she landed on the ground.
The girl making her appearance was Ellis Fahrengart. The knight in armor.
"What's going on, Ellis? You're even using Flight magic."
Hearing Claire's surprised enquiry, Ellis coughed lightly.
"Ah, there's something urgent."
"...?
Kamito and the other girls looked at each other in turn.
"Look at this. It was just delivered by a spirit familiar."
Saying that, Ellis handed on a scroll made from animal skin.
Releasing the buckle, they found words written in a squiggly snake-like script.
"...What foreign language is this?"
Kamito frowned. Even having undergone Restia's education and being able to decipher literature written in spirit language, Kamito was unfamiliar with foreign languages.
"Hmm, I can't read it either."
"Seriously, you guys are hopeless..."
Claire sighed with a surprised expression.
"This is a script widely used in oriental cultures. This should have been covered in the Academy's foundation courses, right?"
"...I-I'm not good at languages."
Ellis' ponytail dangled with dismay.
True to her reputation as a high achieving student, Claire read the contents of the letter fluently.
But after reading it, her expression became very solemn.
"What did it say?"
"...It's a declaration of war. And it's from the Four Gods."
"The Four Gods...!?"
Ellis gasped.
The Four Gods was a formidable team from the Quina Empire, a major country on the eastern part of the continent. Not only did the Quina Empire have a longer history than the Ordesia Empire, it had also won the Blade Dance a greater number of times.
Widely known amongst the participants of the competition was their topnotch team cooperation as well as the name of Shao Fu, the user of the divine beast spirit White Tiger.
Disregarding Team Inferno, this was a team that rivaled Dracunia's Knights of the Dragon Emperor and the Holy Kingdom of Lugia's Sacred Spirit Knights. It was imperative to be wary of them.
"The Four Gods established their stronghold relatively close to here. After dominating all the surrounding teams, the only one remaining in the area seems to be ours."
"By declaration of war, they mean?"
"A direct confrontation at a location away from either side's stronghold."
Re-rolling the scroll, Claire shrugged.
The Blade Dance was not simply a combat festival that pitted competitors against one another in contests of martial strength. Instead, it was the stage for exalted elementalists to act as priestesses and make blade dance offerings to the Five Great Elemental Lords. Consequently, when one team was intent on engaging in blade dance with another, they would send the recipient a letter that implied a declaration of war.
It was already the fourth day of the Tempest main event. Nearly all teams had already constructed secure strongholds. Even though blade dances in the opening stage were dominated by skirmishes and ambushes, now that the middlegame had started, teams were increasingly engaging in duels like this to break stalemates.
"Then what should we do?"
Kamito surveyed the girls' faces one after another.
Of course, there was the choice of ignoring this unilateral declaration of war, however—
After some consideration, Claire quietly spoke.
"I believe we should accept. If we cower at a time like this, it would tarnish the honor of Areishia Spirit Academy and Headmistress Greyworth."
"I agree with Claire."
"To dare challenge an exalted lady like me to battle, how bold!"
Just as expected, Team Scarlet's young ladies all seemed eager to battle.
Kamito had no objections. After all, only three days remained in the competition. This was a chance to take possession of the massive number of spirit stones collected by the Four Gods.
"The time for the decisive duel is tomorrow morning. Ellis will send a messenger to bring our reply to the Four Gods--"
"Wait a minute."
Kamito suddenly interrupted.
"Why?"
"We haven't asked Fianna's opinion yet. Isn't this a bit inappropriate?"
"Indeed. Where is she currently?"
"Just now, I think she walked towards the forest..."
...Come to think of it, where the heck did she go? Kamito began to worry a bit.
Even within the forest's barrier, it was not absolutely safe. After the damage caused by Nepenthes Lore, the stronghold's defenses were full of openings. It was possible for beasts or malevolent spirits to take advantage of the barrier's weaknesses to invade.
"Let's search briefly in the forest. Ellis can continue scouting the surrounding situation."
"Yes, acknowledged."
Ellis nodded.
"I will go search."
"Then I'll go as well."
"Rinslet, it's time for me to take your shift. You should go into the tent for a break."
"I-I'm fine!"
"It's important to rest according to the prescribed schedule. After the battle yesterday, you should be quite tired. Why don't you warm yourself a little right now?"
"Sniff sniff... I understand."
Admitting defeat to Kamito's thoughtful consideration, Rinslet nodded obediently despite her pouting lips.

"...Seriously, where did Fianna go off to?"
A few minutes later, Kamito and Claire were walking through the forest.
The barrier constructed by Fianna was quite vast in area. Although Scarlet tried to sniff out the trail of her divine power, it was difficult to track down due to the chaotic leylines.
Even though they had entered the depths of the forest, the imperial princess was nowhere to be found.
"Could it be another forest spirit attack...?"
Muttering softly to himself, Kamito used his hands to part the dense branches.
--Instantly, he found himself at a wide open space.
"This place is..."
Numerous trees lay fallen haphazardly while the ground surface was scorched and scarred.
This was near the stronghold's defensive line. Last night, Team Scarlet had engaged Nepenthes Lore in a deadly battle precisely at this location.
Dirt and mud lingered all around. Even though there should be no risk of having divine power stolen anymore, Kamito was still hesitant to step on the stuff.
"...It still seems quite unbelievable. To think we defeated that kind of monster."
Witnessing the sight before them, Claire was mesmerized for an instant. Kamito also nodded lightly.
Nepenthes Lore -- the unidentified monster that Restia had called the Demon King's will, was the strongest being that Kamito had fought in these past few months.
(...Had it been myself two months earlier, surely I would not have won.)
Kamito silently sighed in his thoughts. The only reason he had been able to win, just barely, was because he had the support of his teammates in addition to his gradual recovery of his power from three years ago.
"Hey, Kamito..."
"Hmm?"
As if suddenly thinking of something, Claire spoke up.
Her gaze was directed towards a dark patch of marsh. It was where Nepenthes Lore was destroyed.
"Back then, Kamito, you were using Ren Ashbell's sword skills, right?"
"...!"
Kamito's body suddenly froze.
...Looks like she had not forgotten.
The Ninth Form of the Absolute Blade Arts -- Bursting Blossom Spiral Blade Dance. This was the mystic sword technique taught by the premier member of the Empire's prided Numbers, the one renowned as the continent's strongest elementalist, Greyworth Ciel Mais.
And Kamito had used that move in front of Claire and the rest.
Even though he had no chance of winning unless the secret sword was used, it was far too careless of him.
He had completely forgotten that Claire and the girls idolized her from three years ago. As soon as he used her sword skills, the girls would definitely recognize them.
(However, in the end, my identity was not exposed.)
...With some thought, covering up shouldn't be too hard.
Wiping the sweat off his brow, Kamito desperately racked his brain for excuses.
"I used to learn sword skills from that old hag Greyworth. Maybe that girl received sword instruction from Greyworth too."
"W-What old hag... Don't be so rude to the Headmistress!"
"...No, but she really is an old hag based on her age. That Dusk Witch is a complete monster."
Kamito shrugged, turned right and continued walking.
"She's not here either. Let's go back into the forest--"
"Wait a sec."
Claire gripped Kamito's shoulder tightly.
"...W-What are you doing?"
Kamito's face twitched.
"Just now, you were trying to deceive me, right?"
"...No I wasn't?"
"You, are you hiding something from me?"
Claire glared intently at Kamito with her eyes of ruby.
...Looks like this reason isn't enough to misdirect her.
"W-Why would I need to hide anything from you?"
"Umm, well, that..."
Claire pouted, deep in thought.
Apparently she had not noticed that Kamito was actually the Strongest Blade Dancer three years ago. Instead, her suspicions were probably directed towards a connection between Kamito and Ren Ashbell -- probably something on that level.
"The elemental waffe Ren Ashbell used was indeed a demon sword with the darkness attribute, right?"
This time, Claire brought up a crucial point.
"Few as they are, darkness spirits aren't actually that rare. If you're trying to say it was Restia, you're making a huge mistake."
Even though tumultuous feelings rippled through his heart, Kamito maintained a calm expression as he answered.
"You're saying it's pure coincidence?"
"Yeah. You seem to be harboring some kind of strange hopes, but let me clarify beforehand. I am not Ren Ashbell's acquaintance."
(...Because I am Ren Ashbell, not her acquaintance.)
Kamito added in his mind.
"R-Really..."
Probably because Kamito's tone of voice had become forceful involuntarily, Claire's shoulder seem to stiffen slightly.
"Because you used the same sword skills, I was wondering if you might have been fellow pupils of the same master..."
"...Who knows? Anyway, I don't know the details."
Leaving those words, Kamito stepped quickly into the forest.
"Wait, wait a minute, wait up, come on! ...What's the matter, are you angry?"
Twintails swaying, Claire hastily chased after him.
"...No, there's nothing to be angry about."
Kamito slowed down his pace and scratched his head a little apologetically.
"You know I admire Ren Ashbell very much, right?"
"Uh, yeah..."
Kamito nodded as he concealed the wavering in his heart.
(...Said to my face like this, it's quite embarrassing.)
"Not only me but all the elementalists from the continent are enamored by her blade dance."
However—suddenly, Claire gloomily shook her head.
"--She's changed, in just a mere three years."
"..."
Kamito silently turned his gaze to his left hand.
(Changed eh...)
Alternatively, Claire may have superimposed her impressions of Ren Ashbell and her elder sister.
The one who betrayed the Elemental Lord to become the Calamity Queen, Rubia Elstein.
She too, was once revered by all the elementalists of the entire continent.
"However--"
Claire halted her steps.
"Actually I began to realize quite early on -- perhaps, the Ren Ashbell who is attending the current Blade Dance might be an imposter."
"Why do you think that?"
"Just intuition. Or perhaps wishful thinking? But everyone else in our team thinks so too."
"Well, that can't be ruled out for sure."
Kamito felt that a direct denial would be overly suspicious, so he decided to answer ambiguously instead.
"However, if that is the case -- then why has the true Ren Ashbell not stepped forward?"
"...M-Maybe there are other reasons?"
"Right. For example -- Kamito-kun is Ren Ashbell or the like."
"...!?"
Suddenly, a voice came from somewhere.
"...Fianna!?"
Appearing out of the rustling leaves was the imperial princess with a mischievous smile.
"Seriously, what are you doing? Everyone is worrying about you!"
Claire glared at Fianna with her arms akimbo.
"Repairing holes in the barrier. Thanks to the battle yesterday, there are numerous damaged areas."
Answering in that manner, Fianna looked successively at Claire and Kamito. Then she spoke:
"What about you two, were you having a tryst right here?"
"O-Of, o-of course not. Don't make such a strange accusation!"
Claire cried out, her face fully red.
"B-By the way, what did you mean by that statement just now? That Kamito is--"
"Hoho, exactly what the words stated."
The imperial princess seemed to be smiling with great amusement.
(Hey hey, what the heck, Fianna!?)
Kamito's heart raced.
He frantically gestured with his eyes towards Fianna but she feigned ignorance.
"...What nonsense, how could that be possible? Disregarding other issues for now, Ren Ashbell is a girl, you know!"
With a shocked expression, Claire directly rejected the idea... Oh well, that was probably the normal reaction.
"That's right, I'm just testing out a wonderful delusion."
Fianna answered as if trying to change the subject, then she immediately embraced Kamito's arm.
Boing.
"Fianna!?"
The softness of her bosom surprised Kamito, causing him to blush.
"W-What are you doing!?"
"Fufu. Hey Claire, may I borrow Kamito-kun for a while?"
"Eh? N-No way! Kamito is my possession!"
...Claire instantly yelled out a statement that any third party not in the know would have instantly misunderstood.
"When did he become Claire's belonging... Anyway, what's your answer, Kamito-kun?"
The imperial princess turned her mischievous smile towards Kamito.
If you refuse then your true identity will be exposed♪ -- the imperial princess' eyes seemed to be saying that.
"Ah yes... I happen to have something to discuss with Fianna too."
Kamito nodded repeatedly like a strung up puppet.
"Ah, w-wait up!"
"I-I'm sorry, Claire..."
Wrapped around Kamito's arm, Fianna led him rapidly towards the depths of the forest.
"J-Jerk! Kamito is an idiot--!"
From behind, the crack of the whip could be heard.
"Fufu, that was so close♪"
"...What the heck were you trying to do? You almost blew my cover!"
Within the dense thicket, Kamito was being led by the arm by Fianna.
Although the soft sensation of her bosom made Kamito's heart race, he still protested as if he was unhappy.
"Kamito-kun, you're so amusing when you're agitated."
"Come on, you..."
Kamito groaned with his eyes half-narrowed... Seriously, this imperial princess is such a handful.
"Just kidding. But you should thank me because I actually helped you out."
Kamito tilted his head quizzically.
"Helped me out, how? Claire was already starting to suspect that I am Ren Ashbell. Saying something like that would only increase her suspicions--"
"--That's why."
Fianna raised her index finger.
"No matter how much she suspects, the fact that Kamito-kun turns out surprisingly to be Ren Ashbell -- something so ridiculous would surely be dismissed as impossible to believe, right? Then simply take the plunge and tell her the truth, for that will lead her to rule out that possibility."
"I see. That does make sense."
Kamito could not help but feel impressed with Fianna.
...As expected of the imperial princess skilled in negotiations. To think she thought that far ahead.
"Hmm, but isn't there the risk that Claire might actually believe it?"
"Well, in that event, I would think up something on the fly."
"My admiration for you was for naught."
Faced with Fianna's nonchalance, Kamito sighed lightly.
"But it's better to be more careful. That girl is sometimes inexplicably sharp with her intuition. In this particular regard, she is truly Rubia-sama's younger sister, even though their personalities are completely different... We've arrived, this is it."
Fianna suddenly halted her steps.
The tree branches were densely entangled around this spot, creating a dead end.
"...This?"
"This is the space protected by a special barrier. You could even call it my personal room."
After Fianna extended her hand and chanted a spirit language incantation, the criss-crossing branches instantly disentangled.
Under her guidance, Kamito stepped towards the depths.
"This is..."
It was a hemispherical space delineated by flourishing trees. Gentle sunlight shone through layers of leaves to form speckled shadows on the ground. This space seemed far more spacious than one would imagine as a personal room. In fact, it was enough to perform a blade dance freely.
"How strange, I didn't notice this when searching for you just now, Fianna."
"Because it is surrounded by a small-scale Isolation Barrier. Even a spirit would find it difficult to discern."
...I see. So that's why it couldn't be found.
"But why did you bring me here?"
"..."
"Fianna?"
Seeing Fianna suddenly so awkwardly unsettled, Kamito's gaze turned to surprise.
"Umm... I-If it's here, then we won't be disturbed..."
"Eh?"
Fianna blushed with embarrassment and immediately--
Rustle rustle. She slowly placed her hands on the chest portion of her uniform.
"W-What are you doing!?"
"I-I just want to repeat what Kamito-kun was doing with Est just now."
"...Wha!?"
Kamito felt the intense beating of his heart.
Fianna shyly removed her uniform and unbuckled her skirt.
Swish. The seductive sound of clothing friction could be heard.
In the next instant, appearing in Kamito's view was--
Clad in a pearl-white bondage suit, the imperial princess' figure.
...Although it was similar to what Est was wearing just now, Fianna's full body restraints had an even more stimulating design.
The low riding leather panties hugging her bottom tightly were quite erotic.
"Y-You, this outfit..."
Just as Kamito stared in shock--
"S-Seriously, to think you actually enjoyed seeing girls dressed like this... Kamito-kun, you're such a pervert."
Fianna blushed as she rubbed her legs together shyly.
"N-No, wait a minute, did you misunderstand something!?"
Kamito frantically yelled out.
"...Misunderstand?"
"Uh yeah. About just now. How should I put it? It was simply Est's mistake... I didn't ask her to dress like that. I don't have those kinds of interests!"
"...Yes, I understand."
Fianna nodded slightly nervously.
"What you enjoy, Kamito-kun... Is not the M role... But the S, right♪"
"No! You're completely mistaken!"
"There's no need to hide it. N-No matter which side you desire, I am fine with it."
"You've totally got the wrong idea!"
Protesting vehemently, Kamito began to pant.
"Like I said, just now was a--"
Kamito desperately tried to correct Fianna's misunderstanding caused by the scene of Est in the tent.
Hearing Kamito's explanation, Fianna was struck with a shocked expression--
"...So, in other words, Kamito-kun, you're really uninterested in that area?"
"That's right."
Kamito answered glumly.
"This is simply... My misunderstanding?"
"Oh well, indeed..."
After Kamito nodded--
"...~!"
Fianna's face suddenly went all red.
"Sniff sniff... A-As a princess of the Empire, to think I disgraced myself so..."
Due to excessive shame, she covered her face as she rolled along the ground.
Kamito had never seen Fianna so distraught... It felt rather cute actually.
"To think I acted so embarrassingly before Kamito-kun... I want to die, I must bite my tongue and commit suicide."
"W-Wait, stop...!"
Because the imperial princess was murmuring dangerous words, Kamito frantically comforted her.
"E-Even though I don't have an interest in that area, Fianna, you don't have to be embarrassed by that attire... Rather, umm, I think you look very pretty."
"...Really?"
Fianna asked in surprise, slightly blushing.
Restrained by the tight bondage suit, her bosom displayed cleavage that seemed especially dazzling.
Kamito held his breath and nodded.
"...I'm so glad."
She was instantly reassured.
"A-Actually, dressing like this makes me very embarrassed."
...Naturally. Even though the imperial princess always loved to tease Kamito, she was at her core a very pure and innocent girl.
"...Could you stop toying with me. It's scary."
Kamito shrugged as he sat down on a tree stump.
"But I clearly wasn't toying around..."
"Hmm?"
"Nothing, okay."
The imperial princess turned her gaze away as if displeased.
Even though Kamito could not figure out why she was angry--
"But anyway, this is really a wonderful place."
Gazing at the sunlight streaming in from between the branches that acted as a ceiling, Kamito offered his opinion.
This was quite serene. In a place like this, he should be able to concentrate and meditate alone.
At this time, Kamito's gaze was suddenly drawn to the branches covering the area.
(Snapped and broken... No, this was cut by a sharp blade?)
If they had been trimmed, it was done too carelessly. It felt like someone was swinging a sword and struck branches by accident.
(Also, these footprints are...)
Kamito once again turned his gaze to the ground. There were signs that the grass had been stepped on hard haphazardly. Unless vigorous activity had occurred in this place, such trails should not be left in the grass.
"Fianna, what were you doing here until just now?"
Slightly suspicious, Kamito asked.
"Of course I was practicing for kissing with Kamito-kun♪"
Fianna instantly replied.
"..."
"S-Seriously, Kamito-kun, don't make me say something so embarrassing..."
The imperial princess chided.
"...Then in actual fact?"
Coughing lightly once, Kamito asked again--
"...You're so dense all the time, but only in this area are you really sharp."
Fianna sighed as if she gave up resisting.
"Say, can you keep this a secret from Claire?"
"...? Ah yeah, I know."
Seeing Kamito nod, Fianna sat down by his side.
"--I was here, receiving sword training from Georgios."
"Sword...?"
In response to Fianna's quiet confession, Kamito questioned.
Within Team Scarlet, Fianna's role lay in support through ritual dancing. Based on this premise, having her wield a sword in battle should almost never happen. Besides, she was also uninitiated in combat training, having never been trained as an elementalist at the Academy.
"Of course, this isn't any official training, but I'm simply learning some sword skills for self-defense. At the very least, I hope I can protect myself."
"Why would you suddenly think of this? Even self-defense sword skills cannot be learned overnight--"
"I know. However..."
Fianna bit her lower lip hard.
It was an expression that lost her usual composure, full of desperation.
"...I can't bear it. For me to be always protected and a burden to everyone else."
"Fianna, you support the team most splendidly. The only reason we defeated that Nepenthes Lore was thanks to your perfectly constructed barrier."
"The credit all lies with Milla's efforts. I didn't make any difference at all."
Fianna shook her head.
"At the time, even if I had joined in on the frontlines I would have been a burden. When clearly Claire and the rest could support you, Kamito-kun, very well."
...Looks like she's especially lacking in confidence.
(...The fight against Nepenthes Lore was simply a trigger.)
It was most likely a notion that had entered Fianna's mind a long time ago.
"I have never thought of you as a burden, Fianna."
Kamito said as he looked straight into Fianna's face.
"Claire, Ellis and Rinslet are the same. Everyone trusts in you."
"Kamito-kun..."
Adorned by adorable lashes, her dusk-colored eyes fluttered slightly.
"...Thank you for comforting me."
"It's not comforting, I'm just speaking the truth."
Kamito shyly turned his gaze away.
"Fufu, Kamito-kun is tsundere♪"
A usual mischievous smiled surfaced on Fianna's face as she quietly stood up.
"It's almost time to return, or else Claire and the girls will worry."
"Claire already knows we're together. There's nothing to worry about--"
"...Good grief, I'm not talking about that type of worry."
As Fianna shrugged helplessly, Kamito could only watch in puzzlement.
"What the heck, Kamito is such a jerk. I don't care about him..."
Meanwhile, Claire was sitting with her knees up against her chest, throwing pebbles at the river.
Behind her, Scarlet was prowling back and forth as if worried about its master.
"Kamito belongs to me..."
...Plop. Water splashed in the distance.
At this moment, the sound of someone stepping on the sandy ground could be heard.
"C-Claire, what are you doing? You look so gloomy."
"Ellis..."
The one who spoke to Claire was Ellis. Even though their relationship was originally like natural enemies at the Academy, it had progressed enough after they became teammates that they could now discuss many matters.
As a side note, Scarlet frantically disappeared as soon as Ellis was spotted.
"Has Her Highness the imperial princess been found?"
"Yeah. She's probably making out with Kamito right now!"
Throwing a bigger stone, Claire patted her skirt and stood up.
"...Hmm. What are you talking about? What is going on?"
Ellis' eyebrows shot up.
Seeing that, Claire told her what just happened in the forest.
"...I see. Kamito was taken away by Her Highness the imperial princess."
Hearing Claire's explanation, Ellis showed a solemn expression and nodded.
As a further side note, the reason why she always referred to Fianna as Her Highness the imperial princess even though they were fellow teammates, was because she hailed from a family of knights who served the Ordesia imperial family throughout the generations.
"Speaking of which..."
Ellis rested her chin on her hand and murmured softly.
"So Claire, you noticed as well. That sword skill used by Kamito."
"Yeah. Even though Kamito said he didn't know her, and that it was simply coincidence that they both learned the same sword skill from Headmistress Greyworth."
"Really? Since Kamito said so, then that's probably the case."
"...But somehow I keep feeling like he's hiding something. About Ren Ashbell."
Claire frowned, deep in agonizing thought.
If there was no relation at all, Kamito's attitude was far too suspicious.
(...Come to think of it.)
Suddenly, Fianna's words surfaced in Claire's mind.
--For example, Kamito-kun is Ren Ashbell or the like?
(Impossible, right...)
Claire instantly shook her head.
They simply used the same sword skill... That idea was really ludicrous.
(Kamito is the one I idolize, that kind of thing--)
But inexplicably... Claire could not calm her thoughts.
From early on, Claire's intuition had always been exceedingly sharp. Now the turmoil in her heart felt similar to that feeling. Or perhaps, at least in the area of intuition, Claire had inherited the same disposition that her elder sister had as the Queen.
Kamito had said -- I am not Ren Ashbell's acquaintance.
But reflecting on this deeper--
(...He did not say he was not Ren Ashbell herself.)
Claire voiced out her sudden idea, but--
"...What are you talking about?"
Ellis shrugged in exasperation.
"What, I'm just saying it's possible, that's all!"
"How could it? Besides, three years ago, wasn't Ren Ashbell a beautiful young maiden? Purely in terms of probability, I think it is more believable that the masked elementalist you mentioned from Team Inferno is the one."
"That girl is definitely an imposter posing as Ren Ashbell. The true Ren Ashbell isn't someone like her!"
"Of course, I hope so too--"
Ellis regretfully stopped talking. At this time, Claire suddenly recalled a certain incident.
"...! Speaking of which, I once witnessed Kamito's cross-dressing look."
"W-What!? Kamito has that kind of fetish!?"
"Of course not. It was for the purpose of destroying the Brand of Darkness engraved by that Ren Ashbell when he and Fianna slipped into the Divine Ritual Institute. But because of that, I got to see Kamito who looked like a super cute girl in every way."
"Hmm... W-Was he really that cute?"
Ellis murmured, greatly interested.
"One more thing. Ren Ashbell was fourteen years old when she won the Blade Dance last time. Calculating from that, Kamito's age matches perfectly."
"...!"
Ellis gasped.
"C-Could it be true, impossible..."
"Yeah, of course, I'm only half convinced at this point..."
Or rather, Claire did not really believe in that possibility.
However, Kamito's attitude earlier was quite suspicious. This meant that the possibility was not zero.
"...Should we confirm it?"
Ellis spoke softly as if resolving herself.
"How do we confirm it? If we ask him directly, he'll surely change the subject."
"I have an idea. Tonight I can discreetly test him while we're on guard duty."
"Can that really be done?"
Claire tilted her head with a skeptical expression. This straight and serious Captain of the Knights did not seem like she was skilled in that area at all.
"Yes, leave it to me."
Ignoring Claire's unease, Ellis nodded confidently.
In the depths of the forest far away from Team Scarlet's stronghold--
A luxurious oriental shrine was built where the forest had been cleared.
This was the camp of the Four Gods representing the Quina Empire.
Currently, before the shrine, an imperial council was being held with the princess in the center.
"--Well then, present your views."
A solemn voice could be heard from behind the sheer curtains.
This was the voice of the Quina Empire's third princess and commander of the Four Gods, Her Highness Linfa Sin Quina.
In front of the shrine, three girls stood ready, dressed in Quina style clothes.
"I offer my counsel in trepidation, Linfa-sama."
The one who stepped forward was a girl in green attire.
Rao Rin -- the user of the divine beast spirit Azure Dragon.
"May I boldly express dissent with regard to engaging Team Scarlet in battle at this point in time."
"Why? Report your reasoning."
"Granted, with Linfa-sama and the combined might of the Four Gods, annihilating a nameless second-rate team is no difficult matter. However, after battling them, in our moment of exhaustion, if that Team Inferno led by the Strongest Blade Dancer were to attack--"
"Hmm... Hakua, Shao, do you two agree with her?"
"Since Rao says so, Hakua believes it is fine."
"I only care about fighting strong opponents."
Hakua of the Black Tortoise and Shao of the White Tiger responded respectively.
"...You two's answers really add nothing to the discussion."
A sigh was heard coming from behind the curtains. Rao continued persistently.
"I humbly petition Linfa-sama to reconsider. Even though they are a team of little renown, Team Scarlet definitely should not be underestimated. Since we have already secured enough magic stones for advancing to the finals, there is not need to take unnecessary risks."
"Hmm, but then..."
The imperial princess seemed quite troubled.
"Actually, the declaration of war was already sent out."
"What! W-Why did you do something so willful on your own! You must discuss with us before making such important decisions, how many times have I repeated that!?"
"That is precisely why I did not discuss with you people."
"Please discuss with us before deciding!"
Rao was howling angrily, almost roaring... In such a state, there was no longer any reverence displayed towards the imperial princess.
"Send out a messenger immediately to retract it! Now!"
"No way! How could a declaration of war be so easily retracted once sent out!?"
"I-Indeed, even though that is true..."
Shao patted the speechless Rao on the shoulder.
"Oh well, don't get so angry, okay? After all, whether Team Scarlet or Team Inferno, isn't it fine so long as we slaughter them all?"
"How could it be that simple? Team Scarlet does indeed possess that male elementalist who was able to fight Leonora Lancaster to a draw. Even if we win, it will surely be a tough battle--"
"Indeed, it is that male elementalist!"
Suddenly, the imperial princess exclaimed.
"...Linfa-sama?"
"It is precisely for the mission of exterminating that atrocious immoral tyrant that I have issued the declaration of war!"
"The atrocious immoral tyrant?"
"Hmm, you all should have heard rumors. That tyrant, Kazehaya Kamito, surrounded by pure and innocent ladies of nobility, immersed in unspeakable acts of lechery!"
"I-Indeed, such rumors have reached our ears..."
Recalling those numerous and terrifying rumors, Rao's shoulders shuddered.
"That bestial king of lust not only forces cute girls to attend to him in bed, but also compels them to be perversely attired in nakedness with only kneesocks."
"...What a pervert!" "Truly a pervert."
Shao and Hakua frowned.
"Furthermore, during this current Blade Dance, unsatisfied with pushing down girls from enemy teams, he even strips them and v-v-vio.."
"Violates them?"
"H-Hakua, how could you say such a word before the princess!?"
Rao cried out, her face all red.
"I-In any case, such an indecent bestial king of lust must be exterminated as soon as possible. This is no longer an issue of magic stones!"
"I-Indeed that is true..."
"Oh well, but wait a minute, we haven't heard Rion's opinion yet?"
Shao suddenly interrupted.
Rion Sharma was the last member of the Four Gods, the user of the divine beast spirit, the Vermillion Bird.
She was entrusted with the mission of scouting for Team Inferno's stronghold.
...Although they had asked her to return before they held the current imperial council, she had yet to make her appearance.
"Could she have failed in her mission?"
"Unlike you, Rion is much more prudent. That cannot--"
"--Your Highness' trust in my unworthy self, fills me with trepidation."
At this very moment, a voice of great clarity could be heard from the forest, accompanied by footsteps.
"Oh Rion, what tardiness!"
"What on earth have you been doing? Everyone is so worried about you."
Appearing before their eyes was a red-haired girl dressed in crimson attire.
The girl walked up to the shrine and knelt down on one knee before the curtain.
"Rion Sharma, announcing her return thus."
"Yes, thank you for your efforts. Hurry and report on the movements of Team Inferno, okay?"
"Yes, Ren Ashbell and the rest seemed to have already gathered sufficient numbers of magic stones and are not venturing out of their stronghold. They are probably setting aside their prepared military spirit in wait for the finals. If we want to attack Team Scarlet, now should be a perfect opportunity."
"In other words, we have nothing to fear. --Thus it is decided, we of the Four Gods shall exterminate the atrocious immoral bestial king of lust, Kazehaya Kamito!"
With the shout of orders from the imperial princess Linfa, the girls of the Four Gods nodded in unison.
Only one person--
No one noticed, but displayed on the lips of Rion Sharma as she continued keeping her head bowed was a smile of mockery.

--On the fourth day of the Blade Dance, no large scale battles occurred.
In order to prepare for the impending battle against the Four Gods the next day, Kamito and his group chose to solidify their defenses at their stronghold.
Even though there were isolated battles in the surroundings of the stronghold, the enemies were easily repelled by the Raven Class combo of Claire and Rinslet who were sent out to scout.
That night after dinner, the team gathered for a discussion about their formation for the blade dance the next day.
In particular, Kamito alone was taking the role of attack as the vanguard. Support was assigned to Ellis and Claire in the middle guard. The rear guard consisted of Fianna in charge of support and Rinslet to protect her while performing sniper's duties.
Due to the midday conversation, Kamito was a bit concerned about Fianna but her attitude was not significantly different from usual. Let alone Kamito, she definitely had no wish of letting the other girls know about her sense of inferiority.
After the meeting, Fianna once again disappeared by herself, claiming to repair the barrier.
"...Fianna, I can understand your anxiety, but please be careful not to force yourself too much."
Hearing Kamito's words, Fianna answered:
"Don't worry. I will do my best for the battle tomorrow."
She smiled and nodded.
--Then late night arrived.
In accordance with the shift schedule, Kamito and Ellis began their night patrol.
Although the chances of enemy spirits attacking the stronghold directly were exceedingly low, they were not zero. Even if simply for the sake of containment, it was necessary to be on guard.
The pair lit firewood at the edge of the forest as they watched for suspicious signs.
"...No one is attacking. Otherwise, we could eliminate them directly."
The fire crackled.
Ellis sat with one knee up while looking up at Ray Hawk's spear tip as she spoke.
"Probably because Fianna's raised barrier is exceptionally powerful, so it's difficult to breach and invade."
Sitting opposite to her, Kamito agreed as he subtly averted his gaze.
This was because Ellis' raised knee had lifted her skirt, giving a tantalizing view of what lay beneath. Due to the fact that Ellis was simply in a posture for springing into immediate action, Kamito did not bother with unnecessary comments since it would only make her angry.
"But by the way, it feels like battles between teams this time are not occurring very often."
"...Ah yes, indeed, this Tempest is slightly atypical."
"How so?"
Ellis tilted her head with a blank expression.
"Too many teams were eliminated in the beginning. Like Milla's Rupture Division and our own Academy's Team Wyvern. In addition to these two, quite a few other teams have also been annihilated. Simply within this brief period of three days, and especially by one team."
Kamito raised a finger as he spoke.
"Hearing those rumors, other teams must be trying to take precautions against Team Inferno and chose to secure their strongholds instead. And the more simple reason is because the number of elementalists remaining in the grounds are fewer. Even though some teams have not been completely annihilated, there should be many cases of eliminated members."
"...Hmm, I see."
Ellis displayed an expression as if she only half understood.
(But not just that...)
Kamito secretly added in his mind.
(...The current Blade Dance is also a bit strange.)
For example, there was the existence of Nepenthes Lore.
That monster was not an elementalist -- Rather, it couldn't even be counted as human.
That sort of abnormal existence was not supposed to qualify to compete in the Blade Dance.
(...And speaking of abnormal, there's also Restia.)
Regardless of the actual truth, since her spirit contract with Kamito had not been rescinded, she was still supposed to be Kamito's contracted spirit. As for how she was registered as a member of Team Inferno, Kamito still held doubts.
Just as Kamito fell into deep thought--
Sitting opposite him, Ellis suddenly shivered.
"What's the matter, are you cold?"
"...Yes, the fire seems to have died down a bit."
Even though Areishia Academy's uniforms were imbued with anti-cold magic, Ragna Ys at night was still quite chilly. Simply the heat from a campfire was not enough to keep warm.
"Ellis, can't you use your wind type magic to shelter this place?"
"I-I suppose I could, if it had to be done..."
Ellis nodded but her answer seemed quite ambiguous.
Somehow Kamito felt that a barrier for sheltering two people should be completely effortless for her--
"Anyway, besides that, Kamito..."
"Hmm?"
Ellis coughed dryly to clear her throat.
...Her face went red inexplicably.
"Umm, may I sit beside you?"
"Eh?"
"S-So long as we lean close together, th-then wouldn't we stay warm!?"
"Well, that's what people say..."
While Kamito was still hesitating, Ellis rapidly went around the fire and drew near to sit down at a delicate distance from him, with their shoulders so close they could very well be touching.
This time her knees were drawn up while her shins slanted outwards. A more girlish manner of sitting.
Clutching her skirt tensely, she lowered her gaze to the ground.
"..."
Maintaining this posture, Ellis stared blankly for a few seconds.
"Umm, what's up? For you to suddenly act like this..."
"Ah... Umm, w-would sitting beside you cause you trouble?"
Ellis frantically spoke.
Blushing intensely, she was awkwardly squeezing the hem of her skirt.
"How could that possibly be true? Don't suddenly get so formal and distant."
"Uwah!"
Seeing Kamito lean closer on his own accord, Ellis screamed adorably.
Before the campfire, the two leaned tightly together, shoulder against shoulder.
...I see, this does feel quite warm.
"Haah, fu..."
...Although Kamito was beginning to feel overly conscious of Ellis' breathing sounds.
"What's the matter, Ellis? Did you get a fever?"
"I-I'm fine, but I am still feeling a bit cold. If we bring ourselves closer together, I think I'll probably be warm enough!"
Ellis shook her head and pressed her shoulder even closer.
"W-Wait a minute! If you get any closer, it'll be bad!"
Kamito frantically tried to pull back his distance.
If this continued, let alone her shoulder, even Ellis' soft and gentle bosom was going to touch Kamito's arm.
"N-No, don't mind other things, there is simply no better way to keep the cold away!"
"No, how could I possibly not mind!?"
Just as that soft sensation of her bosom was making Kamito blush and his heart race...
A small cluster of flames jumped out from the thicket beside them with a pop.
"...W-What?"
Kamito gazed intently at the small cluster of flames suddenly appearing before his eyes.
It was a small lizard with its tail on fire.
A low level flame spirit.
"Oh, it's a salamander. How fortunate. This will strengthen the fire a bit."
Kamito pinched the salamander by its tail and placed it on the campfire.
Immediately, the campfire grew stronger.
"S-See, this way we can stay warm without getting too close together."
"...Sniff, this spirit appeared at a very wrong time."
Ellis seemed to be on the verge of tears as she glared at the salamander on the campfire.
"What did you say?"
"Nothing!"
She angrily turned her face away.
...We finally get warmed up, but for some reason her mood suddenly soured.
"..."
"..."
For a brief while, the two remained silent--
"Kamito..."
"Hmm?"
Ellis was the first to break the silence.
Taking out a pen and notebook from the breast of her uniform, she stared intently at Kamito's face.
"...Are you taking notes of some kind?"
Kamito frowned in puzzlement.
Ellis coughed lightly and spoke.
"Kamito, starting now, I will ask you a few questions. I hope you can answer honestly."
"...? Uh sure..."
Although Kamito could not tell what Ellis' intentions were, he could see from her eyes that she was serious.
Kamito nodded and nervously held his breath.
"So, first question, Kamito, you--"
Ellis' brown eyes flashed sharply.
"D-Do you like soft and fluffy cotton candy?"
"......Huh?"
Kamito could not help but exclaim, completely stupefied.
"W-What the heck, what kind of question is that?"
"I-It's important, please answer."
Nevertheless, Ellis remained exceptionally serious as always.
Completely lost, Kamito had no choice but to answer.
"...Oh well, I don't dislike it, but I'm not particularly crazy about it either."
Kamito did not have special preferences in food, but speaking of cotton candy, that felt more like food meant for girls.
"I-I see..."
Ellis breathed a sigh of relief for some reason and recorded something in her notebook.
"...What are you writing down?"
"Well, next question--"
Ignoring Kamito's question, Ellis looked up from her notebook.
"W-When taking a bath, which part of the body do you start washing first?"
"...W-Why are you asking these kinds of questions!?"
"It's important! ...Or are you implying you have something to hide?"
Ellis stared dead straight at Kamito.
...No no, I have completely no idea what she's suspicious about.
"Not really like that... Oh well, normally I start with the arms."
"The arms... I see..."
Ellis nodded as if she figured out something then made a note in her book.
(...W-What is going on here!?)
Similar questions were asked one after another in this manner--
"W-Well then, here comes the last question."
"...Finally the last one eh."
Kamito sighed with exhaustion.
"Umm, you..."
With an embarrassed expression, Ellis gazed into Kamito's face.
With a barely audible voice, she said:
"...Do you like girls with huge busts?"
"Eh?"
--A question of that sort.
"C-Conversely, do you hate girls with huge busts...?"
"W-Why do you have to ask that..."
"D-Don't make me spell it out, you jerk..."
Ellis bit down hard on her cherry-colored lips.
Supporting herself with both hands on the ground, she slowly drew her face near.
"...E-Ellis!?"
"T-Then answer me..."
Kamito could catch a glimpse of her cleavage down the front of her uniform. Her slender neck showed faint signs of sweat.
A uniquely feminine fragrance was beginning to make Kamito's consciousness hazy--
--At this very moment.
"Hot, that burns!"
Suddenly, a small spark jumped out from the campfire.
"Hey, are you trying to take advantage of the situation? Do you want to be turned into charcoal!?"
"...!?"
From somewhere came a familiar line... Claire's voice.
Kamito looked around but could not find any signs of Claire.
No--
"...Seriously, you were the one who claimed you could test him discreetly. That's why I entrusted the task to you."
The source of Claire's voice was the salamander in the campfire.
"Claire, w-were you actually watching all this time from just now!?"
Ellis yelled out with her face all red.
"...What is going on?"
Kamito asked the salamander in the campfire.
"This salamander is my familiar. I have currently synchronized my senses with it, in order to keep surveillance to see if you two are doing anything indecent."
"As if anyone was going to do something like that!"
"...Hmph, who knows?"
The salamander coldly glared at the two.
"Y-Yes that's right! I-I definitely wasn't thinking of anything perverted..."
Ellis twiddled her fingers awkwardly as she spoke, but for some reason, her gaze was cast towards somewhere in the distance.
"Thou, servant of the king of the child of man, knight and master swordsman!"
In a little space within the forest, an intense storm was raging.
"By the contract of the old blood, become the sword that protects me, come forth and do my bidding!"
From adorable lips, words for releasing a spirit were being chanted.
As her gorgeous black hair fluttered in the wind, the spirit seal carved upon her chest shone with dazzling brilliance.
--In the next instant, accompanied by a flash of pure light, an armored knight was summoned out of empty space.
The heavy silver armor shone and glittered beneath the moonlight streaming in from between the branches.
This was Georgios -- a high ranking knight spirit who served the Ordesia imperial family over the generations.
Fianna caressed the cold armor with her hand as she looked up with an impatient expression at the knight before her.
"Please, Georgios. Become my strength--!"
Closing both eyes, Fianna once again chanted a spirit language incantation.
"Thou shalt be my sword, thou shalt be my shield, with unlimited towering light, purify and exorcise those belonging to darkness--"
Intense light was emitted from all over the knight spirit as an intense cyclone swept the surroundings.
A formidable spirit's power was being released and raised to a level on the verge of explosion.
"Ooh..."
Fianna was actually hiding one more fact from Kamito.
Her training here was not simply in swordsmanship.
She was also secretly trying to use an elemental waffe.
"...Ah...Ooh..."
Due to the intense searing pain, Fianna screamed hoarsely from the depths of her throat.
Unable to control the exploding spirit power, she was currently suffering from the backlash of the reversed flow of divine power.
"...I beg you, please listen to me!"
Being able to use elemental waffen freely was the precondition for an elementalist to display their true worth.
Nevertheless, elementalists capable of releasing their contracted spirit as elemental waffe were few in number.
Even though Claire and the others seemed to do it effortlessly, in actual fact it was a skill requiring long years of high level training in addition to inborn talent. Of course, as a former Queen candidate, Fianna's aptitude was outstanding. However, even for her, this was not something that could be achieved overnight.
(Although I realize this is quite reckless, still, I--!)
"--want to fight alongside Kamito-kun!"
As if responding to Fianna's calls--
The knight spirit's body turned into particles of light and vanished into the air.
(Very good, just a little further...!)
In her mind she imagined a sword that could cut through all creation.
The sword she witnessed the Strongest Blade Dancer, Ren Ashbell, use three years ago.
Clutched in her hand, her imagination materialized and gathered--
However, just before completion...
"...Yah!"
The condensed light exploded and the invisible force sent Fianna flying.
Her body fell hard onto the ground.
Due to the failed releasing of the elemental waffe as well as the impact of the reversed flow of divine power.
"...Oooh... W-Why..."
Her shoulders trembling slightly, Fianna clutched at the soil on the ground.
--In the end, even with assistance from the magic circle, she did not succeed in manifesting the elemental waffe.
"...Why doesn't it work!?"
...I want to become stronger so badly.
Clearly, I have no wish of staying as a princess to be protected.
"I still... Haven't given up yet, let's do this once again--"
Biting hard on her lip, Fianna supported herself with one knee against the ground and stood up.

At dawn, Kamito began preparing to set off after a brief nap.
Using a wooden stick in place of a sword, he swung it around to relax his tense and stiff muscles. Then Kamito walked to the plaza for breakfast.
On this fifth day of the Blade Dance, the showdown against the Four Gods lay ahead.
Although the opposing team was renowned for their strength, Team Scarlet had also developed teamwork through numerous intense battles against formidable foes. The Four Gods were not impossible to defeat.
At the plaza, the young ladies had already begun preparing breakfast.
"--You have greatly disappointed me. 'Test him discreetly.' Pish posh."
"What are you talking about? My manner of investigation was not wrong!"
"...?"
Kamito suddenly halted his steps.
Claire and Ellis appeared to be having some kind of dispute.
(...Could it be about last night?)
Kamito quietly hid himself in the shadows amongst the trees and listened intently.
He was greatly intrigued by why Ellis was asking those questions last night.
"...Seriously. To think I went as far as to suspect Kamito as Ren Ashbell. Utterly ridiculous. Kamito is innocent, I'm sure of it."
"H-How can you be so sure!?"
"You'll understand as soon as you read this."
Saying that, Ellis took out from her breast pocket the notebook from yesterday.
"What does this explain?"
"Ren Ashbell's favorite food is soft and fluffy cotton candy. When she bathes, she washes her abdomen first. Kamito's answers are completely different."
"...Huh?"
Claire frowned in astonishment.
(...W-What is going on, this is completely incomprehensible!?)
Hidden in the shadows, Kamito could not help but ridicule the situation in his mind.
"What is that? How would you know what Ren Ashbell's favorite food is?"
Claire stared hard at Ellis who crossed her arms with full confidence and explained:
"Any fan who worships her would know this of course. Back then, the magazines had many articles about her and I cut them all out and collected them."
"I-I can't believe you..."
Claire sighed with exasperation.
"Those kinds of reports are surely made up casually. Besides, that question about busts has nothing to do with Ren Ashbell at all!"
"Hmm, umm..."
"You two stop playing around. Hurry and help prepare breakfast!"
Due to the interference of Rinslet's scolding, the two girls' conversation was cut short.
(...I see, so that's what those weird questions last night were about.)
Hiding in the shadows amongst the trees, Kamito felt cold sweat dripping down his cheek.
Ellis' questions were based on the profile of the Strongest Blade Dancer, Ren Ashbell.
...Speaking of which, three years ago, the day before the finals, reporters from every country were swarming Ren Ashbell, hoping for an interview.
Even in female attire, Kamito could not disguise his voice. Hence, when faced with the reporters' questions, he simply responded briefly with "yes" or "no" answers. Thanks to that, many ridiculous rumors began to spread from those interviews--
(...However, that's not the issue.)
The troublesome thing was that Claire and the girls were beginning to suspect Kamito's true identity.
Even though they seemed like they were only at the stage of speculation, however--
"Kamito-kun, what's the matter♪"
"Uwah!"
As a cheerful voice spoke to him from behind, Kamito yelled out in surprise.
"Come on, this isn't something worth getting frightened over."
Turning around, Kamito found the mischievous imperial princess showing a hurt expression.
"S-Sorry... The situation has become somewhat of a mess."
"What's the matter?"
"It seems like they're suspecting me of being the Ren Ashbell of three years ago."
Kamito groaned as he crouched on the ground, clutching his head.
"They only seem to be half in doubt, but I fear I'm in trouble if they keep probing further."
"Why don't you just come clean with it all?"
"I don't want to ruin their dreams... Besides, I feel like my relationship with them would also become a bit weird."
"...Indeed that's true. I also want to keep this an exclusive secret just between the two of us."
Fianna smiled lightly.
"Oh well, I'm sure there won't be a problem so long as there are no more slip ups. Besides, Kamito-kun being Ren Ashbell is completely unbelievable from an ordinary person's point of view. I think Claire and the rest are just letting their imaginations run wild frivolously."
"I really hope you're right..."
Just as Kamito was sighing deeply--
He suddenly noticed.
"...Fianna, what happened to your arm?"
Her usually smooth skin was covered with numerous wounds.
"...Oh, this was, umm, caused by sword training with Georgios yesterday. Don't worry, I'm fine. I've already cast healing magic so it will recover soon."
Smiling wryly, Fianna shook her head.
"Didn't I already tell you not to force yourself?"
"...Yeah, sorry."
She bowed her head apologetically.
Seeing the usually composed imperial princess show such an expression, Kamito felt uncomfortable.
(...Really, Fianna seems quite anxious.)
Yesterday, she had revealed her worries over whether she was a burden to the team.
Hence, she wanted to become stronger even if it meant pushing herself excessively.
(...But strength obtained in such a manner easily collapses.)
Kamito placed his hand on Fianna's head.
"...Uwah, w-what are you doing?"
"Fianna, I trust you. Do your best."
"Kamito-kun..."
Fianna's dusk-colored eyes wavered subtly.
Faced with her uncharacteristically transient expression, Kamito could not help but feel in his heart--
"...Who's there!?"
Fianna suddenly cried out sharply.
She instantly left Kamito's side and stared into the depths of the thicket warily.
"Fianna, what's the matter?"
"...An ominous presence. This comes from my instincts as a princess maiden."
"Ominous presence--?"
Kamito frowned as he followed her gaze.
--Entering his view was a little snake colored a vivid shade of green, watching them with its widened red eyes.
"...Snake? No, that's--"
"Yeah, an elementalist's familiar--"
Just as Fianna whispered softly--
"As expected of the renowned Lost Queen. Even a familiar's presence was detected."
"...!?"
The snake spoke with an exceptionally sweet girlish voice.
Kamito instantly drew his short sword from his waist and positioned Fianna behind him.
"...Who is it?"
"Fufu, this is the first time for us to converse in this manner."
The snake's laughter was terrifying. Its tongue flicked out as it lifted its body.
"The demon caster of the Alphas Theocracy, ring any bells?"
"Demon caster... Are you Sjora Kahn!?"
Fianna cried out sharply while Kamito stared with his eyes widened with surprise.
Sjora Kahn -- the second-in-command of Team Inferno.
"I never thought a mere familiar could possibly get through...!"
Fianna bit her lip tightly in dismay.
"In terms of strength, your barrier is quite well done. But thanks to the massive holes opened up by that darkness spirit and Nepenthes Lore, well, hehe."
The snake smiled as it repeatedly licked Fianna's body with its leering gaze.
Under that seemingly poisonous gaze, Fianna was trembling slightly in her shoulders as she stood behind Kamito.
"...Fufu, I knew it. The Darkness Queen is more fitting for you."
"...What?"
Just as Kamito frowned in puzzlement over the term--
"Take care then, successor to the Demon King. We shall meet again."
The snake swiftly disappeared into the depths of the thicket.
"Wait--!"
"Chasing it would be pointless. It's just a familiar."
Fianna stopped Kamito as he was about to give chase.
...Indeed, even if it was caught, it was inconsequential.
"Looks like it was spying on us. I'm sorry, this is all because my barrier wasn't perfect enough."
"This isn't your fault, Fianna."
Kamito shrugged.
Hearing the two of them, Claire and the girls approached at this time.
"Kamito, what are you doing in this kind of place?"
"Uh, no..."
...I'm dead meat if they found out I was eavesdropping just now.
Just as Kamito racked his brains for an excuse--
"Fufu, what a shame that we were discovered, Kamito-kun♪"
Fianna embraced Kamito's arm tightly.
"Hey, Fianna!?"
"Wha...! W-What are you doing!?"
"W-What is the meaning of this, Kamito!?"
"What were you doing with Fianna!?"
"Fufu, perverted things, of course♪"
With a victorious expression, Fianna smiled.
" " "...~!" " "
The three young ladies glared tearfully at Kamito.
(Sigh, can we really beat the Four Gods like this...?)
Kamito sighed deeply in his mind.
After the little commotion this morning--
Team Scarlet finished a light breakfast and set off. The matter of the demon caster's spying in the stronghold was already mentioned during the meal.
"...Sjora Kahn eh. Although it's a bit concerning, we should focus our attention on the showdown against the Four Gods instead. If it's simple spying, other teams did it too."
Put it aside for now and don't be too concerned -- That was Claire's opinion.
Kamito had expressed agreement, but--
(...Was it really simple spying?)
Trudging over the soft soil as they made their way, Kamito supported his chin with his hand as he immersed himself in deep thought.
...For some reason, there's an unpleasant premonition.
The mention of the Darkness Queen lingered in his mind, causing great unease.
Although he had no impression of ever hearing something like that before -- for some unknown reason, his heart was greatly unsettled.
"Kamito, you're walking too fast."
"...Ah, sorry about that."
Stuck in his thoughts, Kamito had carelessly forgotten to pace himself to accommodate Est.
Holding his hand, Est had been following closely behind Kamito all along. Skipping as she walked, she looked absolutely adorable.
"...I'm so jealous of Est."
"W-Why, why does Kamito dote on Est so much..."
"Truly, Kamito-kun has ascended to the throne of the Demon King of the Daytime."
Kamito could feel the cold and stabbing glares of the young ladies walking together with him.
"Kamito, giving Est special treatment is too unfair -- No wait, this is a battlefield! H-Holding hands like that, you can't immediately react if there's a sudden attack!"
"Well, even though that might be true..."
Having no intention of letting Kamito's hand go, Est held even tighter.
...Apparently, she had no intention of taking sword form.
"I can't stand this, what the heck..."
Claire pouted unhappily.
--In that instant.
"We have been waiting for you, Kazehaya Kamito!"
A girl's voice was heard in the quiet forest.
"...Formation!"
With Claire's orders, the entire team entered a defensive formation.
Kamito immediately performed a releasing chant. As Est's figure disappeared into particles of light in the air, a dazzling silver-white sword, Terminus Est, appeared in Kamito's hand the next instant.
On the far end of the wide road extending through the forest--
Were four girls dressed in vividly colorful oriental formal attire.
"--Be careful. They are the Four Gods."
Claire readied Flametongue as she spoke.
They were quite striking beauties in all regards. Due to the fact that spirits mostly preferred beautiful maidens, having good looks could be considered part of an elementalist's requirements. However, the four standing before them emanated an exotic foreign aura of attractiveness that differed completely from the high-class young ladies at the Academy.
Their form-fitting formal dresses emphasized their supple bodies and each was embroidered with designs representing their respective divine beast.
The skirt portion of the formal dresses all featured daringly high slits, allowing their seductive thighs to flash in and out of view alluringly as they walked.
"Seriously, Kamito, where exactly are you looking?"
"Eh?"
"Your gaze is completely focused on those girls' thighs!"
Claire cast her icy cold gaze at Kamito.
"D-Damn it, you're utterly shameless!"
"Truly unbelievable, Kamito, you...!"
"Say, do you really like that kind of dress, Kamito-kun?"
"No, that's not it..."
Kamito frantically shook his head.
Ignoring Kamito and his groups' antics, the girls of the Four Gods approached.
"Making your acquaintance for the first time, I am Rao of the Azure Dragon."
"I am Hakua of the Black Tortoise."
Their black hair styled in buns, the two girls bowed together towards Kamito and his group.
Looking extremely alike, they were most probably sisters.
"Fufu, I am Rion of the Vermilion Bird."
"--Shao of the White Tiger. Please treat me well."
The last to introduce herself was an energetic white-haired beauty.
Her azure eyes displayed a gaze of savagery akin to wild beasts.
(She is the strongest elementalist amongst the Four Gods...)
Despite her short stature, her entire body gave off a terrifying aura of combat.
Clearly this was not an opponent he could defeat by concealing his true power.
(But I really want to avoid letting others witness the sword skills I used during my Ren Ashbell era...)
Kamito eyed Claire and the girls behind him.
If he focused entirely on the blade dance, he might possibly use his past sword style naturally.
--Making a grand appearance was a girl in ritual attire.
Because she was quite short, she had been blocked from view by the Four Gods until now.
"I am the Quina Empire's third princess -- Linfa Sin Quina!"
The girl ran forward and announced with her chest swelled out in pride.
(...Is that girl the commander of the Four Gods?)
It was clear from her ritual attire that she was not an elementalist who fought on the frontlines. Most likely, she was someone who performed ritual dancing like Fianna--
(Speaking of which...)
Kamito stared intently at the imperial princess Linfa's petite body--
(...Her age should be greater than Milla Bassett, right?)
This was what Kamito originally thought.
The youngest participant this time was undoubtedly Milla Bassett.
...But no matter how one looked, this child felt even younger than her.
"Umm, may I ask a question--"
"Speak, bestial king of lust!"
"How old are you currently?"
"Hmm..."
Instantly, Linfa replied with a wary expression--
"A-Are you trying to make this princess one of your conquests!?"
"No, sorry, I have no interest in winning the hearts of children."
Kamito shrugged and waved his hand.
"I-I am not a child, I'm already sixteen!"
"Eh? Are you kidding? I can't believe we're the same age...!"
"Of course it's true! Y-y-you, y-you insolent fellow!"
Linfa angrily pointed her finger at Kamito as she yelled tearfully.
"Damn you, Kazehaya Kamito! A-Absolutely unforgivable! My loyal Four Gods, this inhuman bestial king of lust must be drawn and quartered instantly!"
Answering to Linfa's orders, the girls of the Four Gods summoned their respective elemental waffen.
"Somehow I seemed to have made her angry...?"
"Idiot, who asked you to poke at someone's sore spot! Pay attention, we're up!"
Kamito wielded the Demon Slayer with both hands and leaped forward.
--Thus the blade dance began.

At Linfa's command, the Four Gods dispersed.
Charging forward from the front was their ace, Shao Fu. Her arms were equipped with tiger-styled gauntlets as her elemental waffe. She was apparently a close combat type elementalist.
"Claire, leave the vanguard to me."
"Understood. I will guard the back securely together with Ellis."
Hearing Claire's response, Kamito took a step.
Wielded in his hands, Terminus Est's blade emanated faint light rather than the usual dazzling silver-white brilliance. In order to extend combat duration, Kamito suppressed Est's power output.
Although this decreased the power of the elemental waffe greatly, this also lessened Est's burden and would also suppress the demon sword's curse to some extent.
"Haha, a one on one duel eh? How exciting!"
Shao grinned savagely as she rested her gauntlet-wearing fists against her waist.
"The Four Gods's strongest elementalist -- Shao Fu of the White Tiger, here I come!"
Kamito's sword engaged Shao's fists.
The elemental waffen played a symphony of dissonant tones as the clash of weapons shook the atmosphere.
"...She can even block Est's attacks!?"
"Don't underestimate me. This elemental waffe, the Divine Tiger Fangs, is a pair of gauntlets combining offense and defense into one."
Shao suddenly lowered her stance and released a godly swift strike.
(So fast...!)
Kamito rapidly reacted to defend -- However, the gauntlet's emblem roared as if it were a real live tiger and bit down on Kamito's arm.
Feeling intense pain in his arm, Kamito suppressed a scream as he tried to shake off the tiger's fangs.
But having caught the prey in its jaws, the tiger's teeth tore through Kamito's muscles and apparently reached deep into his bones.
Using this opportunity, Rao, Hakua and Rion suddenly broke through.
(Crap...)
Kamito was planning to engage at least two enemies, but now three of them had broke past him.
Clicking his tongue, he swapped the Demon Slayer to his other hand.
After all, he was used to wielding with either hand. There was no difference to him.
In this manner, Kamito forcefully shook off the gauntlet that was biting him.
The teeth of the Divine Tiger Fangs loosened their grip. Shao jumped away with glamorous steps and readied her fists once more to begin a new flurry of rapid punches.
Even though Kamito immediately defended with his sword, he was unable to withstand the impacts fully and was easily blown away.
"There's more to this!"
Shao's petite figure suddenly vanished. In the next instant, she had already closed the distance and was unleashing her punches with godlike speed. As Kamito used his sword to deflect the Divine Tiger Fangs's sharp teeth, intense sparks flew and scattered between them.
Through ever-changing freely flowing movements, Shao did not give Kamito any opportunity to strike back.
(...This girl, she's using the Fist of Assassination!)
Combining a powerful elemental waffe with well-trained physical techniques, she unleashed yet another raging wave of attacks. Furthermore, each strike was heavy and powerful. If any hit were to land on a critical point, it would surely result in a fatal injury.
Kamito continued to dodge the continuous series of punches, but--
"Cough...!"
Intense pain suddenly flooded his entire body.
(What's... Happening...!?)
All this time, Kamito had been able to dodge Shao's quick succession of attacks with the slimmest of margins.
He should not have suffered a critical hit yet--
"The Fist of Assassination -- The Tiger's Killing Howl. It damages internal organs through invisible shockwaves."
Shao's azure eyes glowed sharply. They were like the eyes of a wild beast that had caught its prey.
"I see..."
Kamito wiped the blood from the corner of his lips and smiled.
"...Looks like I must show off my real skills."
"Don't force yourself. Given the condition of that arm, you won't be able to wield a sword properly--"
In that instant, her words were interrupted by a burst of intense sword pressure.
This sword pressure was produced by Kamito swinging the Demon Slayer with one arm.
"--One arm is enough."
Claire and Ellis blocked the three incoming elementalists.
Rao of the Azure Dragon wielded an azure dragon blade. Hakua of the Black Tortoise had a shield. On the other hand, Rion of the Vermilion Bird used a club. The three readied the elemental waffen manifested from their respective divine beast spirit.
"Excuse me, but you are not allowed to take a further step forward!"
Yelling out, Claire swung Flametongue.
Fianna's ritual kagura dance was not yet complete. Until Kamito could hurry here to reinforce them, Claire and Ellis had to guard this location with their lives.
Rao of the Azure Dragon sprang into action and charged with the azure dragon blade horizontally. Seeing that, Ellis wielded Ray Hawk to intercept and blocked the swung azure dragon blade with her spear.
Demonic wind gathered and rumbled at the tip of her spear.
"--Evil winds, go and rampage!"
As Rao swiftly retreated, Ellis released blades of wind towards her.
Innumerable blades sliced apart the ground. However, just as the wind blades were about to strike their target--
Wielding the shield of the Black Tortoise, Hakua rushed over. Instantly deflected, the wind blades dissipated without trace. That was most likely a defense oriented spirit with the earth attribute, hence a half-baked attack was not going to succeed.
"Freezing fangs of ice, go forth and pierce -- Freezing Arrow!"
From the rear guard, Rinslet fired numerous freezing arrows.
--However, this time it was Rao's turn to stand before Hakua, sweeping all of the freezing arrows aways.
As expected of the highly renowned Four Gods. Their teamwork and coordination were on a completely different level.
"O Flames, capture my enemies -- Flame Chain!"
Claire swung Flametongue to entangle the cutting edge of the azure dragon blade.
She intended to immobilize the enemy's weapon in this manner.
"Foolish, water with its ever-changing multitude of forms can never be imprisoned!"
The blade of water vanished for an instant. Then turning the hilt of the azure dragon blade, Rao regenerated a new blade.
"Now it's my turn, Onee-chan!"
Aiming for the opening when Claire was withdrawing her flaming whip, Hakua rushed forward with her shield.
Rather than for defending -- this time she was using the shield as a close quarter combat weapon.
"O Earth, may thy roars resound -- Earth Blast!"
Crying out, Hakua struck the ground with her elemental waffe, the shield.
Earth attribute spirit magic instantly activated. The ground swelled up, scattering dust clouds. Rather than for causing direct damage, this was an attack aiming to disrupt enemy vision.
"Take this, scorching--"
"Too late."
Just as Claire tried to release a fireball preemptively, Hakua's figure appeared before her.
Instantly charging into her face, Hakua unleashed a punch that exploded in Claire's chest.
"Guh, ahhh...!"
The heavy blow instantly rendered Claire's consciousness hazy. Like Shao, Hakua was also a practitioner of the Fist of Assassination.
With Claire blown away by the impact, Hakua rushed forward for a follow up attack -- However, Rinslet's freezing arrows halted her advance.
Probably because it was troublesome to handle demonic ice which was able to freeze the shield, Hakua chose to escape instead of defending. Using this opening, Claire readied her stance once more to use Flametongue to hinder enemy movements.
"Too naive, Miss Hell Cat."
"...!?"
Rion of the Vermilion Bird wielded a crimson club as she charged through the openings in the trajectory of the brandished Flametongue.
Turning her elemental waffe, the club, with one hand, she entangled the fiery Flametongue.
"I can't believe she's absorbing Scarlet's flames...!?"
"Hmph, my divine beast spirit Vermilion Bird is indeed a flame spirit servant!"
The crimson club left Rion's hands and transformed into a flaming demonic bird.
Having absorbed Scarlet's flames, the gigantic demonic bird spread its wings in the air.
"Ooh, as expected of a renowned divine beast spirit..."
"Even their cooperation far surpasses us."
The three members of the Four Gods naturally surrounded Claire and Ellis who were now standing back to back.
The situation was overwhelmingly unfavorable to Claire's team. While Claire and Ellis were being dominated by their opponents' teamwork, Kamito who was in charge of attack was also tied up with Shao Fu. Even though Linfa did not seem like the type who fought on the frontlines, users of ritual magic often had contracts with powerful spirits. This meant leaving her alone could prove to be quite dangerous.
(Fianna, we're relying on you...)
Claire momentarily turned her gaze towards Fianna who was performing a dance in the back.
"--Spirits who inhabit the vast land, please respond to my summons."
Behind the battlefield that was filled with the noise of clashing weapons, Fianna was currently dancing to perform ritual kagura.
As befitted the princess maiden who was once a Queen candidate, her dancing was magnificent and beautifully flowing without any hesitation or interruption.
From her lips came the chanting of spirit language to make offerings to the spirits of the land.
"--I am the one who prays for ye protection. I am the one who praises ye power."
Her magnificent dance resembled that of a dancing princess on the battlefield.
However, in contrast to her graceful dancing, Fianna's heart was filled with turmoil.
(I must hurry... If I don't hurry and finish the ritual...)
Relatively far away from her current location, Kamito and Shao Fu were engaged in an intense battle of clashing weapons.
(...No, I must focus my attention to performing the dance here!)
Suppressing the screams in her heart, Fianna made an offering through her dance performance.
Not only Kamito. Her teammates were also fighting desperately.
As the sound of clashing weapons reached her ears, they were transformed into anxiety throughout her body.
(What I can do is only this dance performance...!)
At this moment, Fianna's body suddenly felt lighter.
Her offering of ritual dancing had caused the spirits of the land to respond.
(...Success!)
Beneath her graceful footsteps, a glowing magic circle was being drawn.
This was a ritual dance performance for obtaining the land's blessing for the dancer's comrades.
"The Fourth Variation of Ritual Kagura -- Oratorio!"
--Clang!
Kamito's Demon Slayer and Shao Fu's Divine Tiger Fangs clashed intensely with an explosion of sparks.
Every time Kamito swung his sword, blood dripped continuously from his injured right arm.
If he became stuck in a battle of attrition, he would eventually lose consciousness from blood loss.
"Are you a monster!? How could you move like that with this level of injury!?"
However, the anxious one was Shao. Her punches were repeatedly deflected despite their godlike speed. Kamito had already seen through the variations of her moves by now.
(--There were quite a few users of the Fist of the Assassin at the Instructional School. Even though they might be from different sects, the basic motions were all similar.)
"Well then, try this -- Roar of the Royal Fang!"
Shao's Divine Tiger Fangs released a shockwave of wind.
The powerful shockwave blew Kamito away.
"I can't believe you even have projectile attacks!"
"That's called a hidden hand!"
Shao grinned savagely as she pounced like an agile beast.
Kamito had no choice but to block her impact while lying on the ground.
(...This is bad, I'm going to lose in strength if this continues.)
Shao's Divine Tiger Fangs was the type of elemental waffe which amplified the elementalist's power. In contrast, even though Kamito's Terminus Est was the strongest class of sacred sword, it did not have the ability to augment the contractor's own power. Enduring with one arm ultimately had its limits.
"You're apparently not too skilled in groundwork techniques, Kazehaya Kamito!"
From the jaws of the Divine Tiger Fangs, a shockwave of wind was released at close range this time--
Just at this moment.
"...Wha!?"
Suddenly, shining magic circles surfaced from the surrounding ground.
Kamito took advantage of Shao's moment of surprise to kick her gauntlets away and escaped from the mounted position.
Beneath their feet were numerous magic circles glowing with blue-white light.
As abundant divine power flowed into his body, Kamito found himself brimming with strength.
This was all thanks to Fianna's ritual dance performance -- the Oratorio was complete.
"--The tables have turned, Shao."
Wielded in his hand, Kamito's Demon Slayer gave off a dazzling brilliance.
As soon as Fianna's magic was complete, the odds were in their favor. So long as Kamito received the abundant divine power provided by the leylines, he could unleash the power of the strongest elemental waffe without reservation.
"As befitting of the famous princess maiden and former Queen candidate, to think such immense power could be drawn out."
Shao praised as she readied her fists in a stance.
However, Kamito could still discern composure in her expression.
"--However, compared to Linfa-sama, this is nowhere enough."
"...!?"
Instantly, the designs of the magic circles covering the ground were being overwritten with frightening speed.
It was like someone was dripping pitch black ink over a blank sheet of paper--
"...What is going on!?"
"The use of ritual magic to overwrite ritual magic. Linfa-sama was waiting all along for your princess maiden to finish her ritual dance performance!"
As Shao punched, Kamito blocked with the Demon Slayer.
--What great force. Compared to before, her power had clearly increased. On the other hand, the divine power filling Kamito's body was continuously receding, causing the sacred sword's brightness to dim accordingly.
Not only did it render Fianna's completed ritual magic ineffective, this spell even rewrote it to empower the Four Gods instead.
"...What the heck, how could something so messed up be possible!?"
Kamito screamed as he desperately pushed back against Shao's weight. Even though he was completely unversed in ritual magic, Kamito knew that this was quite unreasonable.
Kamito's gaze traveled over Shao's shoulder.
In the distance, he could spot the figure of the dancing Quina Empire's princess, dressed in a dazzling rainbow-colored feathered robe.
"The divine beast spirit Kirin's elemental waffe -- Seraphim Feathers."[1]
Shao smiled smugly.
"That feathered robe amplifies Linfa-sama's powers greatly."
"...!"
Kamito smacked his lips as he glanced behind him.
(Damn it, Claire and the Ellis are also being dominated--)
"--Don't turn your gaze away in mid battle!"
Shao's Divine Tiger Fangs roared. Overwhelming force was about to crush him.
Kamito instantly stopped pushing back and dodged her attack.
"...What!?"
This unexpected move caused Shao's forward motion to miss its target, throwing her off balance.
"--I'm sorry but let me ready my stance once more."
Kamito reached into his uniform pocket and took out a small stone.
This was spirit crystal sealing a lightning spirit. After he infused a tiny amount of divine power via his fingertips--
Instantly, a dazzling flash of light erupted.
"...What, how... Why...?"
Faced with the unbelievable phenomenon occurring before her eyes, Fianna collapsed onto her knees in surprise.
The magic circles of the Oratorio were overwritten in an instant.
"Fianna, what on earth happened!?"
Acting as her guard, Rinslet fired off freezing arrows of demonic ice as she called out.
However, this rain of arrows meant for pinning down the enemy was rapidly eliminated by the flaming demonic bird, the Vermilion Bird.
Having obtained the blessing of the overwritten ritual dance performance, the divine beast spirits employed by the Four Gods were greatly powered up.
"Cough...!"
Fighting out front, Ellis was blown away and rolling on the ground.
Her chest armor was shattered while her torn open uniform was stained with blood.
"Captain!?"
"...Cough, sorry, I was careless..."
Ellis struggled to get up.
The spear tip of her wielded Ray Hawk was also damaged, causing the force of the winds to weaken.
"The Four Gods's contracted spirits suddenly became stronger!"
Striking down the fireballs released by the Vermilion Bird, even Claire was being forced back to the rear guard position.
Carrying Rion on its back, the fiery demonic bird raised its scythe-like neck to the maximum height.
"Hmph, so long as Linfa-sama continues cheering for us, we of the Four Gods are invincible!"
Raging scorching breath was released.
"Dance, I call upon the crimson flames of destruction -- Hell Blaze!"
The Vermilion Bird's breath and Claire's spirit magic flames collided in midair.
"...No good, we're being overwhelmed!"
"Freezing fangs of ice, go forth and pierce -- Freezing Arrow."
"--Evil winds, go and rampage!"
Even though Rinslet and Ellis also attacked simultaneously, the Vermilion Bird was empowered by the ritual dance performance and easily repelled the attacks.
"We can't hold out much longer... Fianna, please perform protective magic!"
Turning back, Claire suddenly stared in wide-eyed surprise.
Fianna was in a kneeling posture, her shoulders trembling.
"I'm... sorry..."
"...Fianna?"
"It's all my... fault..."
--A useless member of royalty. The completely worthless Lost Queen.
All the merciless criticisms, which she had heard during the four years when she had lost the power of her spirit contract, now reverberated within her mind.
(Four years ago on that occasion, I also failed to stop that precious person of mine...)
And now, because her power was not enough, the team was facing imminent defeat--
Crimson flames in the form of a demonic bird were approaching. Even if she started performing defensive magic now it would be too late.
(Once again, I am...!)
Just as she was about to close her eyes--
The demonic bird's flames were deflected, resulting in a great explosion.
"Waaaaah!"
Blown away by the intense force of the explosion, Fianna's entire body was thrown against the ground.
"...W-What?"
Moaning, Fianna opened her eyes.
Over there was--
"It's too early to give up, Your Highness the princess!"
"Kamito-kun...!"
Standing there was Kamito, Demon Slayer in hand.
"Everyone, are you all okay?"
Kamito glared at the Four Gods before them as he asked the girls.
"I'm okay... Is what I'd really like to say. It's really dangerous!"
Claire shrugged as she replied.
"All we can do is fight on..."
Kamito smiled wryly as he infused power into the Demon Slayer.
His right arm was too numb to use at all. More urgently, he was going to lose consciousness from blood loss if he continued to move like this for a few more minutes. Also, the damage from Shao's Fist of Assassination still remained.
Shao Fu of the White Tiger cracked her knuckles with displeasure as she approached.
"You're terrible, Kazehaya Kamito. To think we were having so much fun together."
She must be complaining about the little trick he used as a delaying tactic.
"Unlike these young ladies of noble birth, I don't have much of an upbringing."
The Four Gods cautiously kept their distance. Not letting down their guard in the face of injured prey, their discipline truly befitted a renowned strong team.
(Well then, what should we do...)
Kamito calmly observed the four elementalists. Rao, Hakua and Rion were individually inferior to the ace Shao Fu. If they were engaged in blade dance one on one, Claire and the girls were most likely stronger.
(--However, the truly troublesome factor is these girl's teamwork tactics.)
Against a coordinated attack from all four members of the Four Gods, even Kamito could not take them lightly.
(If I do it alone, it really is a bit challenging...)
Kamito glanced behind him.
Discovering his intention, Claire spoke up.
"Rinslet and I can still fight."
"Leave the support to us."
Rinslet nodded as well and readied her magic bow of ice.
Indeed, Kamito was no longer alone. He had trustworthy teammates now.
These comrades, worthy of protection, brought power to Kamito's sword even greater than any ritual dance performance.
"I'll leave Fianna to take charge of Ellis' treatment."
"Understood."
Ellis nodded vigorously.
"...Sorry, Kamito."
"Ellis, I will avenge you."
Comforting Ellis who was biting her lip out of regret, Kamito suddenly kicked the ground for a flying leap.
The first to react was Hakua of the Black Tortoise. Bending over in a low stance, she swiftly approached.
Based on her movements, Kamito instantly discerned that she was also a user of the Fist of Assassination just like Shao.
The other three also ran over at different intervals, as if planning to attack wave after wave in succession to wear down his stamina -- However, the fact that they did not attack all at once actually provided Kamito with an opportunity instead.
Through the battle against Shao, his senses had already been sharpened to a very keen level.
Feeling something was awakening within his body, Kamito started to blade dance.
"O Earth, may thy roars resound -- Earth Blast!"
Hakua struck her shield against the ground. As the ground swelled up, numerous pellets of stone flew out. Even though it was not magic with particularly high damage, trying to block all the pellets with a sword was virtually impossible.
"Kamito, hurry and dodge!"
Claire swung Flametongue. The freely dancing crimson flames deflected all of the stone pellets.
Kamito instantly crossed the sandstorm sweeping across the ground.
The girl wielding the azure dragon blade rushed before him. Rao of the Azure Dragon. Due to the effects of the ritual dance performance, the azure dragon blade's cutting edge had grown several fold.
As the gigantic azure dragon blade swept horizontally, Kamito bent over to evade the attack. Immediately, several arrows of ice flew over his head. It was Rinslet's cover fire.
"How foolish, to think you'd attempt to freeze a blade of water--"
"This is no ordinary ice -- Blossoming without waiting for winter, Ice Break!"
Instantly, the ice fragmented to produce a scatter shot, blowing Rao away.
Using this opening, Kamito instantly closed in.
"Don't think you can succeed!"
Hakua rushed before him, trying to block the sword's attack with her elemental waffe, the shield, however--
"Est, my apologies -- I will be using a slightly reckless skill!"
Kamito yelled out as he poured his entire body's divine power into Terminus Est.
Spinning his body rapidly, he thrust the tip of the brilliantly radiant sword towards the shield.
An intense showering of sparks exploded. Even for the strongest sword spirit, trying to pierce with one strike a spirit specializing in defense was not possible.
However, the attack did not end there. Kamito momentarily released the sword--
"Absolute Blade Arts -- Sixth Form, Crushing Fang!"
Then he forcefully hammered his fist against the hilt of the sword.
Using the blade to transmit the impact -- this was a weapon breaking technique that belonged to the domain of unorthodox sword skills.
The Black Tortoise's shield was shattered into particles of light. Hakua's eyes widened greatly.
Having shattered the shield, the sword's blade pierced Hakua's chest.
Damage to the body was instantly converted into psychological damage. Infused with immense divine power, this attack immediately rendered her unconscious.
"How dare you do that to Hakua!"
Emotionally distraught, Rao slashed with her weapon. At the same time, brandishing the crimson club, Rion attacked from the opposite flank. On the other hand, Shao charged in from straight forward with the Divine Tiger Fangs positioned at her waist.
Faced with simultaneous attacks from three directions--
"Absolute Blade Arts, Third Form--Shadowmoon Waltz!"
Using one foot as a pivot, Kamito unleashed a spinning slash like a tornado.
Sparks flew all around. Spinning, slashing then turning again -- Kamito's sword danced madly like a tempest, shattering Rao's azure dragon blade and Rion's club at the same time.
"...Y-You weren't being serious just now!?"
Crossing the Divine Tiger Fangs, Shao used its teeth to block Kamito's sword strike.
Her forehead broke out with cold sweat.
"I wasn't holding back out of mercy. However, it was your blade dance that awakened me."
Kamito found his limbs moving on their own accord. His body was recalling the sword skills he had used in the past as the Strongest Blade Dancer, Ren Ashbell.
"Impossible, for a single person to overwhelm us, the Four Gods..."
"Don't forget about me, Flame Chain!"
"And me too -- Freezing Arrow!"
The flaming whip and the arrows of ice attacked. Faced against repeated coordinated attacks from the Raven Class combo, even the Four Gods's ace could not help but halt her movements.
Kamito kicked the ground to gain speed to follow up with an attack against Shao who had lost balance--
Suddenly, he felt a chilling presence from behind.
The presence appearing behind -- Rion of the Vermilion Bird.
"Hmph, your shadow belongs to me now."
"...!?"
Kamito instantly spun around to release a slash, but Rion swiftly fled.
She seemed like she did not intend to attack.
(...What's going on?)
Even though doubts entered his mind, Kamito could not attend to them yet.
Using the momentum of the spinning slash, he was about to turn towards Shao.
"Tsk -- Roar of the Royal Fang!"
Shao unleashed the shockwave of wind towards Kamito's feet.
A deafening shockwave was heard. As a large amount of dust was swept up, Kamito's view was obscured.
Discovering her intent, Kamito instantly swung his sword to blow away the dust with the pressure--
But by the time the dust settled, the Four Gods had already retreated back to Linfa's location.
Shao panted painfully. Unconscious, Hakua was being carried in Rao's arms.
"Linfa-sama, as much as it pains me, let's retreat first for now."
Rao quietly advised.
"The Four Gods of the Quina Empire, retreating in the face of a second rate team?"
"Looks like our judgment was off. Team Scarlet is not some second rate team. Furthermore, that Kazehaya Kamito--"
"Is no ordinary lustful beast but a veritable monster. To be honest, I have little hopes of victory."
"Gununu..."
Linfa bit the sleeve of her ritual attire regretfully.
"L-Listen well and bear this in mind, Kazehaya Kamito! The next time we meet will be your time of death!"
Leaving behind such villainous dialogue, they fled.
"H-Hold it right there!"
"We're not going to let you escape!"
"W-Wait up..."
Kamito frantically called back Claire and the girls who wanted to pursue the Four Gods.
"..? What? Why shouldn't we pursue at this time?"
"No, well you're not wrong... But my body, I'm reaching my limit..."
Groaning in spasms, Kamito collapsed to his knees.
Just as expected, using sword skills from before so forcibly, the strain on his body was immense.
"Kamito!?"
Claire rushed over frantically.
Stabbed into the ground, the sacred sword disappeared into the air and returned to its original form, a young girl.
"Kamito is always so reckless."
Est grumbled expressionlessly with her back towards Kamito.
Fianna had finished Ellis' emergency treatment and ran over, panting.
Taking out a piece of spirit crystal from her chest, she pressed it against Kamito's body. Even though it was only treatment of the lowest level, it had some comforting effects and could reduce pain to some extent.
"I'm sorry. It's all because my ritual dance performance ended up helping the enemy..."
"Don't let it weigh on your mind, Fianna, it's not your... fault..."
"That's right. An elemental waffe for amplifying a princess maiden's powers is absolutely too unfair!"
Even Claire who usually quarreled with Fianna all the time was comforting her.
However, Fianna's expression remained gloomy. Probably because her power did not help at all in this battle, she felt more or less responsible.
"By the way, the sword skills just now... Hey, Kamito!?"
Kamito's view suddenly went dark.
Hearing the worried voices of Claire and the rest, Kamito lost consciousness.
"D-Damn it, damn it damn it damn it damn it~!"
The Quina Empire's princess, Linfa Sin Quina, was stomping her feet with chagrin.
To think the Four Gods would lose to a lower ranked team and had to escape into the middle of the forest.
Even though the result was a draw because no magic stones were lost, it was equivalent to defeat. Virtually all blade dances carried out within the grounds were visually observed by the visiting royalty and nobility through spirits sent out by the Divine Ritual Institute. There was no doubt that the Quina Empire's reputation was going to be lowered greatly after this.
"...Damn it. Who was it that said they were a second rate team?"
"Based on their ranking within Areishia Spirit Academy, it is true that they are indeed lower than Team Wyvern and Team Cernunnos."
Shao grumbled as they walked. Rao answered as she carried Hakua on her back.
"...Oh well, ultimately, true strength can only be understood through actual combat. Looks like the rumor of them defeating the Knights of the Dragon Emperor is not completely unfounded."
"...~Y-You people, why can you still remain so calm!?"
"Like I said, we haven't lost yet, right?"
"We have already fought with all our strength. Even if met with defeat, there are no regrets."
Faced with Linfa's tearful cries, Shao and Rao answered respectively.
"...Oh my, I agree wholeheartedly with Linfa-sama!"
Suddenly, Rion of the Vermilion Bird, who had been walking silently so far, halted her footsteps.
"Rion?"
"For a highly renowned team, to think the Four Gods would lose so pitifully to a single person. If it were me, I'd be so ashamed I would never go back to my home country."
"...What did you say?"
Shao glared viciously at her as Rao frowned with surprise.
Normally, Rion would never say anything so instigating.
"Rion, please watch your behavior. Insulting companions is strictly prohibited... What are you laughing at?"
"Hmph, hmph..."
Rion's expression twisted malevolently.
"My apologies, Your Highness the imperial princess. Because you are all absolutely too stupid..."
Not only her tone but also her entire voice changed.
"Rion!?"
"Linfa-sama, hurry and leave!"
Rao and Shao jumped forward to protect the imperial princess.
Instantly, Rion's outline was distorted like a mirage--
Appearing there was a seductive beauty dressed like an erotic dancer.
"You are--"
"Team Inferno's witch, Sjora Kahn!?"
Shao instantly equipped her elemental waffe and faced off against her.
"Y-You, what did you do to Rion!?"
"That impudent little mouse was taken care of, naturally. Oh well, killing her would cause disqualification, so I kept her alive♪"
"Bastard, you dared to deceive us ever since the imperial council yesterday...!"
Shao's Divine Tiger Fangs produced a roaring tempest.
"Hmph, well then..."
Sjora jeered and snapped her fingers.
"--Ladies of the Four Gods, will you kindly hand over your magic stones?"
"...!?"
Suddenly, a swarm of innumerable oddly shaped creatures rushed forth from the forest.
An army of over a hundred demon spirits, grinding their teeth like ravenous beasts.
"To think you even set a trap--"
Protecting the cowering imperial princess behind her, Shao's voice expressed despair.
--As a result, the tragic feast drew to a close in a matter of minutes.
"How unfortunate. As expected of the Four Gods's ace, you're not that easy to take care of."
Sjora Kahn held the two newly acquired magic stones in her hand.
They were Rao and Hakua's. In order to buy time for Shao and the imperial princess to escape, Rao volunteered to sacrifice herself and retired from this stage of the Blade Dance.
"Oh well, even though it was a stupid little drama, it was kind of fun for some entertainment on the side."
Sliding the magic stones into her chest, Sjora licked her lips.
Indeed, to the witch, preying on the Four Gods was simply like a pre-meal snack.
Her true plan was to seize initiative before the leader of Team Inferno -- the crimson-masked elementalist.
To achieve this, Sjora had to steal that girl whom she wanted.
"The Demon King's successor belongs to our great Hierarch -- And his shadow is already in my possession."
Sjora snapped her fingers.
Then a pitch black human figure crawled out from her own shadow.
A humanoid puppet without a face -- the demon spirit Baldanders.[2]
In the past, it had been one of the spirits serving the Demon King Solomon. Expressly prepared by the Alphas Theocracy's Snake for this Blade Dance festival, the sealed spirit for Sjora Kahn's exclusive use.
Baldanders's attribute was Transformation. It had the ability to capture a target's shadow once. In addition to the elementalist's appearance, even the contracted spirit's abilities could be emulated perfectly.
The reason why the divine beast spirit Vermilion Bird's power could be harnessed, was due to this ability of Baldanders.
"Hmph, I'm coming for you, Darkness Queen."
A faceless shadow trailing behind her, Sjora walked into the depths of the forest--

Bouncy. Bouncy.
"Mmm, hmm...?"
Kamito woke up to find himself surrounded by a soft and comfortable sensation.
His hazy field of view gradually expanded. This was apparently the interior of a tent.
(Right, I lost consciousness after the blade dance against the Four Gods...)
He was presumably carried back by Claire and the girls. In his hazy state of consciousness, Kamito thanked the girls in his heart.
As a result of using unfamiliar sword skills, his entire body's muscles became so stiff that he could not even lift his finger.
Bouncy. Bouncy.
Kamito was lying on something that resembled a luxurious sofa... Very comfortable.
(It feels like my head is being wrapped by something gently...)
Closing his eyes, a question suddenly arose in Kamito's mind.
(Wait a minute, did my tent ever have a sofa?)
Besides, that sort of thing could not possibly have been brought into the Blade Dance grounds.
(This sensation is actually...)
Kamito turned his body in puzzlement.
"...Ahnn!"
Immediately, the sweet scream brought his mind to full wakefulness.
"F-Fianna!? Woah..."
Due to his surprise, Kamito rolled off the bed, striking his elbow hard against the ground.
"Ouch..."
"A-Are you okay, Kamito-kun?"
Fianna opened her dusk-colored eyes wide and examined Kamito with a worried expression.
"...!?"
Before his eyes was a Divine Ritual Institute uniform with a bold low-cut design.
Kamito could not tear his gaze from the cleavage between those quivering breasts.
"Y-You, w-w-what were you doing..."
"What was I doing? Just a simple bosom pillow, To take care of Kamito-kun."
"What the heck is a bosom pillow? Isn't it normally a lap pillow!?"
"Because the bosom is softer than the lap, of course. Besides, Kamito-kun, you found it more comfortable too, right?"
"Uh..."
Kamito instantly became speechless. Indeed, the feeling just now was very comfortable. That soft bouncy sensation surely could not be experienced if it were simply someone's lap.
"Ara, do you have a fever? Your face is very red, you know♪"
"It's all your fault, Fianna, okay..."
Faced with the naughty imperial princess, Kamito replied stiffly.
Fianna smiled and stood up.
"I've already applied healing magic to the wound on your right arm, but the muscle pain probably will last for quite a while."
"I see..."
Kamito tried clenching both fists and relaxing. Immediately, he felt sharp pain. In his current state, he was probably still unsuited to using the sword skills from his Ren Ashbell days.
"Fianna, thank you for everything all this time."
Hearing Kamito's thanks, Fianna blushed.
"W-What are you saying? I'm the one who's been protected by you all this time, Kamito-kun. Just now, wasn't it you who protected everyone in the team?"
"It goes both ways. We are a team after all."
"But, I..."
Fianna bit her lip hard and lowered her gaze.
She seemed to be still upset about the blade dance earlier. For her trump card the ritual dance performance to be defeated, she must have suffered quite a blow as a result.
"Are you still concerned about just now--"
"Kamito-kun..."
Fianna spoke softly, then she suddenly leaned herself tightly against Kamito.
"Fianna?"
"I'm sorry, could you let me lean against you like this for a while?"
"...Yeah."
Looks like she's not teasing me as usual. Although Kamito could feel his heart racing nervously, he nodded silently.
Then Fianna leaned against him as if entrusting her entire body weight to Kamito.
Unique to girls' bodies, she felt very soft and gentle to touch. As her hair lightly brushed against Kamito's skin, it felt a little ticklish.
"There's an injury here too."
"...!?"
Kamito suddenly felt a sense of pleasure that made his body tremble.
Fianna was using the tip of her tongue to lick Kamito's collarbone.
"Th-This kind of wound only needs two licks of saliva, okay!"
"Then allow me to help you... Hmm, smooch..."
Fianna licked the wound as if sucking away while she chanted a spirit language incantation.
Her teeth lightly brushed against his skin, causing ticklishness. It almost felt like she was taking a gentle bite.
"...Mmm, don't, move... Smooch..."
"W-Wait, wait a minute! What if someone sees us doing this--"
Just as Kamito yelled out--
...Clonk. Tumble tumble tumble tumble.
A can rolled before Kamito's eyes.
...A can of peaches.
Kamito frantically looked up.
Standing at the tent entrance was Claire with canned food in her arms.
"Y-You, y-y-y-you, what are you two doing?"
Rumble rumble rumble...!
The twintails stood up vertically like blazing flames as the surrounding temperature rapidly rose.
"C-Claire, it's not what you think, this is--"
"Ara, I am treating Kamito-kun's wounds. I hope you won't disturb us."
Fianna answered rather defiantly.
Moosh. Kamito found his face suddenly pressed between those soft breasts.
"Uwah... Fugu... Fianna, I-I can't breathe..."
"W-What are you doing!? H-How could you be so shameless!?"
"Oh dear, I am quite embarrassed about this too. But there's no other way. Because of Kamito-kun's body, magic cannot take effect unless this kind of method is used."
"U-Umm..."
Although the reason was unclear, it was a known fact that Kamito's body repelled holy magic and required unusual methods -- namely, ritual magic for healing had to be performed while their bodies were pressed tightly together.
Because Claire also knew about this condition, she could not scold them without good reason.
Filled with chagrin, Claire howled.
"I-In that case then let me perform the healing magic! Because Kamito is my slave spirit!"
...Claire was not making any sense.
"Healing magic whatever... I thought you only knew how to use fire type spirit magic?"
Other than simple spells like illumination, in principle, spirit magic could only be used if it belonged to the same category as the contracted spirit's attribute.
...If my memory serves me right, the fire type category should not have any healing spells.
"Cauterization of wounds is still possible!"
"Isn't that emergency treatment for the battlefield -- anyway, you're going to incinerate me into charcoal for sure!"
Kamito retorted without any hesitation.
"Claire, you should know that Kamito-kun is injured. If you're just going to interfere with my taking care of Kamito-kun, then please leave."
"...~!"
Reprimanded by Fianna, Claire's eyes began to fill with tears.
"I-I know, okay, jerk--!"
...Crying, Claire ran away noisily.
At the tent entrance, a large number of canned peaches lay fallen, rolling about on the ground.
Kamito picked up the cans as he softly muttered to himself.
"Did she come here to visit me..."
The imperial princess sighed.
"...Just now, maybe I bullied her too much?"
"Oh well, I'm glad to be saved from being burned into charcoal."
"Kamito-san, dinner is ready!"
Presently, Rinslet's voice was heard coming from outside the tent.
Night was falling as the sun began to set. The sound of cutlery colliding could be heard.
Kamito tried to speak to Claire as he helped lay the table.
"U-Umm, Claire..."
"What's the matter, perverted slave?"
"Well, thank you for worrying about me just now."
As Kamito scratched his head and spoke, Claire's hair jumped slightly.
"Hmph, I wasn't worrying about you, jerk..."
Claire seemed to be blushing out of embarrassment.
"Fufu, today is quite a feast."
Rinslet plopped the pot onto the table with a thud, while her bosom shook from the impact.
This was Rinslet's specialty, Laurenfrost style hot pot cuisine.
Everyone gathered around and sat on the tree stumps around the table. The bubbling and boiling pot was heated by a burning red-hot spirit crystal under it. Beside the pot were large amounts of vegetables gathered from the forest, diced and quartered fish, as well as meat from hunted prey.
"...Hot pot eh. Looks really tasty."
Because the soup was already boiling, Kamito intended to put the meat in, but at this moment--
"Kamito-san, what are you doing!?"
Rinslet smacked Kamito's arm soundly with a spoon.
"Ouch... W-What's wrong, we can't put it in yet?"
"Slower cooking ingredients like root vegetables should be added first. A hot pot requires balance."
Rinslet glared severely at Kamito with her adorable eyes of emerald.
Kamito discreetly spoke to Claire beside him.
"S-Somehow it feels like Rinslet's personality changed?"
"She's always been like this, as soon as it's hot pot time, she likes to show off..."
"Hot pot is indeed a simple method of cooking, but exactly because it is simple, it is profound. Do not look down on the Laurenfrost's traditional hot pot cuisine!"
Lady Rinslet crossed her arms and stared at everyone.
...In that posture, she resembled some kind of hot pot guardian.
"Kamito, I want to eat fish soon."
Est tugged at Kamito's sleeve and said.
"Well, just leave it to Rinslet."
Kamito smiled wryly as he rubbed Est's head.
Rinslet added meat and vegetables to the pot with well-trained motions.
Kamito and the rest swallowed their drool as they watched Rinslet in action.
"Okay everyone, let's start!"
Finally receiving the okay from the guardian, Kamito reached out to the pot with his chopsticks.
The soup base was not made from ordinary water but Rinslet's specially concocted medicinal soup.
The delicious aroma helped stimulate appetites. As Kamito bit into a piece of cooked meat, delicious juices filled his mouth, producing an indescribable sense of happiness that began spreading from his heart.
"Wow, this is really tasty!"
"Hmph, naturally!"
Rinslet puffed her chest out with pride.
All the young ladies were enjoying the delicacies as they blew on their food to avoid burning their mouths.
"Wait, Claire, I was planning on giving Scarlet that piece of meat!"
"Hey, stop deciding on your own to feed my contracted spirit!"
Ellis and Claire squabbled as their chopsticks engaged in a blade dance over the pot. Beneath the table, their contracted spirits were waiting for scraps.
"Hey, hey, what's this?"
Fianna frowned as she poked a mysterious bouncy ingredient sitting at the bottom of the pot.
Kamito was also very intrigued.
"This is called beancurd. It's like pudding that's made from coagulated soybeans. I heard that it comes from Kamito's homeland, so I researched it in books and tried making it."
"This is a specialty from my homeland...?"
Kamito's childhood memories were very hazy. Because ever since he could remember, he was receiving assassin training at the Instructional School.
All he knew was that his homeland was an island country on the eastern border, one that did not even have a name.
But no matter what, simply from her well intentions in making this dish specially for Kamito were extremely gratifying for him.
"Rinslet, thank you."
Kamito scooped out what appeared to be very elastic pudding as he thanked Rinslet.
"I-It's not like I made it specially for you alone, Kamito-san!"
Trying to hide her embarrassment, Rinslet looked especially cute as she curled her hair around her finger repeatedly.
"...Huff."
Kamito tried a bite slightly nervously.
"Woah, this is really good!"
With a smooth texture and rich taste, it really was quite delicious.
"I will try it too... Ah, it really is!"
"...What amazing texture. I've never had anything like it even in the imperial capital."
Est seemed to be enjoying it particularly, expressionlessly mumbling to herself "bean~curd, bean~curd..." as she ate the beancurd with relish.
"Come on people, th-this was made for Kamito-san!"
"Hmm..."
Ellis, who had been eating the beancurd silently, suddenly widened her eyes in surprise.
"What's wrong, Ellis?"
"N-No, umm, I just suddenly noticed..."
Faced with Kamito's question, Ellis blushed and stuttered.
"Hmm?"
"E-Eating hot pot together, umm... D-Does it not constitute as indirect kissing?"
"...!?"
Faced with Ellis' sudden statement--
All the girls around the table instantly froze.
"Hey hey, what are you talking about, that kind of thing--"
Kamito made a wry expression as he waved his hand and spoke.
"Y-Yeah, y-yes that's right, th-this level, i-i-indirect kiss whatever...!"
"R-Really, r-really, you're over thinking things!"
...But everyone's face had gone bright red as they frantically avoided eye contact with Kamito.
(I-I see. Since all the girls are pure and innocent high-class ladies, they are very concerned about that...)
...Kamito felt his feelings being slightly hurt.
--After this, the lively meal came to a close.
Claire quietly put down her spoon, cleared her throat and spoke up.
"Everyone should already know, there are only two days left in the Blade Dance. If you don't want any regrets, then let's fight by giving it all we've got."
"Hmm, yes."
"Yeah, we definitely won't give up on winning."
Indeed, the endgame was about to begin. In order to seize the initiative in the competition for the few remaining magic stones, they needed to attack teams who were holing up defensively in their strongholds.
Furthermore, this applied to other teams as well.
Very likely, an even more intense blade dance was imminent.
"..."
Kamito suddenly noticed the gloom in Fianna's expression.
"Fianna, are you okay?"
"Uh yeah, well enough... I just seem slightly tired."
"Well, ritual dancing is very exhausting."
"You should lie down on the bed and rest."
Despite quarreling with Fianna earlier, Claire now offered care and concern.
On further thought, Fianna's exhaustion was only natural. After the ritual dance performance at the blade dance against the Four Gods, she had to use up divine power to heal Kamito.
Magic for recovering fatigue did indeed exist, but it was only a temporary effect obtained from the blessing of spirits. Hence, the fundamental solution was still restful sleep.
"...Yeah. I should go rest as you all suggested. I'm done with my meal."
Fianna stood up quietly and headed to the tent.
After dinner, Kamito was helping Rinslet wash the utensils and cutlery at the riverside.
Claire and Ellis had gone off for patrols while Est was playing with Scarlet.
"Since you're injured, Kamito-san, you can go take a break, it's fine."
"It's just dish washing so it won't be a problem at all. As for you, Rinslet, wouldn't a classy lady like you get your beautiful hands wrinkled if you keep washing dishes like this?"
"Fufu, don't worry. My skin won't be wrinkling. Do know that I am Rinslet the Ice Demon, the one with great relations with water spirits."
So that was what was going on. The wooden bucket where she immersed her hands was filled with purified light while an elastic gel-like spirit was washing the utensils thoroughly.
"How's Fianna's condition?"
"Just now, Claire went to pick some herbs which are very effective for eliminating fatigue."
"That girl seems to become inexplicably hardworking whenever someone gets sick or injured."
Claire was clearly ordering Kamito around like a slave all the time, but whenever he got hurt in school matches or anything like that, she always visited him and brought canned peaches.
"Hmm, she's actually good at taking care of others in certain ways. Back in the Academy, she often took care of stray cats in the neighborhood. It probably stemmed from her childhood when she had to frequently take care of Rubia-sama who was always chronically sick in bed."
"I see..."
...Oh well, that was not surprising.
Kamito also knew that Claire was a benevolent child at heart despite her lack of forthright honesty.
"...By the way, aren't you childhood friends with Claire, Rinslet?"
"Well, even though we often played together when we were young... H-However, we simply share inseparable fates that intersected a long time ago."
"Did you two quarrel a lot when you were small?"
"No... Back then, she was a shy crybaby."
Kamito pressed his finger against his temple.
"...I can't picture it at all."
"She began to change after Rubia-sama's incident."
Rinslet explained as she directed her gaze towards the bucket.
"Rubia Elstein."
The Calamity Queen who betrayed the Fire Elemental Lord and disappeared without trace.
Claire hoped to realize through the Blade Dance festival her Wish to find out the truth of what happened four years ago.
Also, there was the question of where her elder sister had vanished to--
"That girl is actually suffering from many things..."
Kamito muttered to himself as he looked down at the moon's reflection in the river.
"...Uwah!"
In the middle of doing the dishes, Rinslet suddenly released a cute sounding scream.
"What happened!?"
"Yah... Ah... Th-The water spirit, it went into my clothes...!"
"What!?"
Kamito's eyes widened with surprise.
The rubbery elastic water spirit was crawling over Rinslet's arm, squirming into her uniform.
"Yah, so ticklish, ah..."
Inside the wet uniform, the water spirit was twisting around randomly.
It looked like it meant no harm but was simply trying to act friendly with Rinslet.
"It seems to like you."
"E-Enough of this, Kamito-san, stop staring and help me instead... Uwah!"
Rinslet pleaded to Kamito with tears in her eyes.
"G-Got it!"
(...Oh well, in this kind of situation it must be tough for her to attempt to control the spirit.)
Kamito frantically reached out and tried to grab the squirming spirit.
Boing boing. Boing.
"O-Okay, I caught it!"
"Mmm, uwah!"
Just as Kamito felt something soft against his fingertips, Rinslet made a sweet sounding scream.
The water spirit wriggled in Kamito's hand, going boing boing.
"Seriously, stop moving randomly!"
Boing boing.
"Fuah... K-Kamito-san, not that!"
Instantly, the water spirit jumped out from Rinslet's chest.
...Then bouncing on the ground, it fled towards the river.
"Sigh, what a naughty spirit..."
Kamito shrugged wryly--
Then he immediately noticed a serious problem.
(...Hmm? Then what am I currently grabbing in my hand?)
Boing boing.
"...Mmm, ah!"
"S-Sorry!"
...Kamito finally realized what he was grabbing and frantically withdrew his hand.
"I-I didn't do it on purpose, really -- uwah!"
Something icy cold flew past Kamito's neck.
...An arrow of ice.
Woosh...!
Freezing wind was blowing at Kamito who felt like his skin was about to be frozen.
"Fu, fufu, fu... Kamito-san, have you prepared yourself?"
Smiling, Rinslet aimed her magic bow of ice towards the dead center of Kamito's brow.
Beneath the moonlit forest, Fianna was standing all alone.
Recalling the blade dance against the Four Gods this morning, Fianna could not help but sigh.
(...I must become stronger. I don't want to be everyone's burden any longer.)
If her current state persisted, she was unworthy of participating in blade dance with her teammates.
Fianna felt spurred by such anxiety.
(Today's unsightliness will never repeat a second time. For no reason other than the fact that I shall not permit myself to make the same mistake...!)
Fianna mentally shook her head to clear her thoughts, then reached towards the ground with both hands.
Her face did not display her usual composure.
"Thou, servant of the king of the child of man, knight and master swordsman! By the contract of the old blood, become the sword that protects me, come forth and do my bidding--"
Fianna quietly exhaled and solemnly chanted the ritual to summon her contracted spirit.
Immediately, the knight spirit's figure appeared in the magic circle drawn on the ground.
Bathed under moonlight, the silver-white armor shone brilliantly. The knight bowed his head as if serving a queen.
The knight spirit, Georgios, was of course a very powerful spirit. However, in order to fully harness the spirit's power, it was necessary to release the spirit in the form of an elemental waffe.
(If only I could use an elemental waffe--"
If only she could release an elemental waffe that surpassed the Seraphim Feathers of the Four Gods's imperial princess Linfa Sin Quina, then Fianna would be able to contribute more to the team's combat potential.
Fianna resolved herself, shutting her eyes to perform the releasing chant of the elemental waffe.
However, she was already in an exhausted state.
Even so--
"Thou shalt be my sword, thou shalt be my shield, with unlimited towering light, purify and exorcise those belonging to darkness--"
The knight spirit's armor shone as it disappeared into particles of light in the air.
Fianna could feel an astounding amount of heat enveloping her outstretched fingertips while sharp pain crept throughout her body.
"...Owww... Ah...!"
Despite the pain that distorted her face, Fianna continued to grit her teeth and endure.
At this moment -- something shaped like a sword instantly appeared in her hand.
(...Success!?)
Just as Fianna felt delight in her heart...
The brittle sound of glass shattering could be heard in the next second as the sword of light in her hand fragmented into pieces.
"--Yah!"
Fianna was sent flying by the shockwave and slammed hard against the ground.
".......Ooh...!"
Fianna frowned heavily from the pain. Looking down to examine her hands, she found them covered with severe burns.
"Why, why...!"
Fianna hammered the ground with her bleeding fists.
"If this continues, I am not worthy of fighting together with everyone--"
--Suddenly, a rustling sound could be heard from the shaking thicket behind her.
"...!"
Fianna looked back in surprise--
"...Goodness gracious, I knew you were acting a bit strange, so that's what's going on."
"Claire..."
Claire was gazing sharply at her from behind.
"...Why are you here?"
"I was planning on bringing you some herbs for reducing fatigue but saw you leaving the tent. I found it strange so I followed."
"..."
"I was puzzling over what you were trying to do -- So it turns out you're forcing a release of an elemental waffe. Are you aware of how dangerous that is?"
Claire rushed over to her and spoke with a severe expression.
"The elemental waffe isn't something that can be trained to use overnight. Forcibly trying to use a spirit according to your will doesn't work because the elemental waffe is supposed to be the optimal equipment manifested after the contracted spirit has completely opened its heart to the elementalist. Plus the fact that you only recovered the power of your spirit contract not too long ago, you should be trying to gradually strengthen your bonds with your spirit instead!"
As members of the nobility who served the imperial family, Ellis and Rinslet were bound by etiquette to hold back on what they could say to Fianna the imperial princess. But since Claire's family had been stripped of their title, she could afford to speak with complete candidness and lack of tact.
"I-I don't need you to teach me that, Claire."
Fianna retorted defiantly.
She understood very well that Claire truly cared and was concerned about her. Nevertheless, she still felt a sense of opposition arise naturally.
"I get the feeling you're overly anxious but there's no need to force yourself to get stronger immediately. Fianna, your ritual dance performances are already very dependable and besides, don't we have Kamito? In any case, he is still extremely strong--"
"Then you intend to keep depending on Kamito-kun?"
Fianna interrupted sharply.
"What, that's not what I said."
"I have no wish of being the dainty princess who can only be protected by the person I love."
Fianna quietly shook her head.
"--I love Kamito-kun."
And issued a direct challenge to Claire.
"Hence I want to become strong -- strong enough to stand by his side on the battlefield."
"I-I see..."
Claire showed a wavering expression. Although Fianna never hid her affections for Kamito, expressing her intentions so directly was probably the first time.
"What about you, Claire?"
"...Eh?"
"Regarding Kamito-kun, what do you think, Claire?"
"W-Why do you have to ask that kind of question? It has nothing to do with anything!"
Claire blushed and began to panic.
"I want to hear what you think, Claire... Do you love Kamito-kun, Claire?"
Rather than speaking with her usual playful tone of voice, Fianna's words were as sharp as knives.
"..."
Claire was completely shocked.
Then as if trying to avoid Fianna's gaze, she suddenly shifted her gaze away.
"N-Nothing of that sort. As if anyone would be that stupid!"
"But when Kamito-kun went missing after falling off the cliff, you cried out his name for who knows how many times during your dreams."
"I-I was just sleeping in a daze, K-Kamito and I are not--"
"...Is that so? I get it."
Fianna quietly shook her head and turned around to leave.
"Hey, wait there, you, I'm not done yet--"
As if cutting off Claire's calls to Fianna, the trees and leaves closed up like a door.
(...I went completely overboard, huh. What an utter mess.)
Fianna walked rapidly through the forest as she sighed with regret.
Involuntarily, she had reprimanded others with excessive severity.
...When clearly Claire was worrying about her sincerely.
(How childish of me to make matters like this. I must apologize to her later.)
Just as Fianna thought this to herself, she suddenly realized.
(...But isn't this something that cannot be helped?)
Precisely because she said that to Claire, Fianna finally became aware of her innermost feelings.
And discovered what she truly felt.
(...Indeed, I am being anxious.)
But this was not simply because she did not want to burden the team.
As much as she wished to use that reason as cover...
In actual fact, her intentions were nowhere near that noble.
(...How unsightly of me, to think I would be jealous of those girls.)
Claire, Ellis, Rinslet, as well as Est--
Kamito was surrounded by attractive girls.
They were trusted by Kamito and able to guard his back.
(But me...)
Fianna stopped walking.
The clear chilling wind of the night blew across her burning cheeks, helping her mind to cool off and calm down.
"...I should return to the tent."
Many unsavory spirits roamed the forest at night.
Even though Fianna was currently within the barrier, one could not assert that she was absolutely safe.
Suddenly, a beast's terrifying barking noises came from afar, causing Fianna to tremble.
(Come to think of it, the first time I met Kamito-kun, it was also in a forest like this...)
At the time, Kamito had saved Fianna from a berserk dryad's assault, back when he was active as Ren Ashbell, the Strongest Blade Dancer.
(...That was my first love.)
Lubdub. Fianna could feel her heart beat getting faster.
(...Th-That's right. The first one to fall in love with Kamito-kun is me.)
--Just at this moment.
"So you're here, Fianna."
"Eh?"
Fianna looked up with surprise.
"...Kamito-kun?"
Appearing by her side was the youth she had just been thinking about.
"...W-Why did you come here?"
"I came to look for you, Fianna. The forest at night is quite dangerous."
"I-I don't need you to worry about me."
Fianna instantly blushed.
"Hey Fianna, do you have some free time right now?"
"...? Hmm, yes, a little. Why?"
Did the wounds treated earlier this morning rupture again?
"Let's take a walk for a while. Look over there. Isn't there a beautiful spring? When it's nighttime, glowing water spirits will gather."
"...U-Ummm, is this..."
Fianna held her breath for an instant then continued.
"...Are we going on a date?"
"Hmm, a date eh... Well, I suppose."
Kamito wryly shrugged.
It was the very first time for Kamito to extend such an invitation... Fianna could feel her heart racing.
"H-However..."
Fianna instantly calmed down and shook her head.
"No, it would be dangerous to leave the Barrier. Even though it's quite a shame--"
After all, the Blade Dance was currently in progress. No amount of risk was worth taking no matter how small.
"It's okay, I'm here with you."
Kamito smiled gently as he extended a hand towards Fianna.
Despite the dissonance of witnessing such a rare gentle expression from Kamito, Fianna found the gaze of his jet black eyes causing her thoughts to become hazy as if a layer of fog was floating in her mind.
(Indeed, being together with Kamito-kun would surely be quite safe...)
Kamito was surrounded by many attractive girls. This caused Fianna a sense of confusion.
If she missed this opportunity, another one might not arrive again.
(...On occasion, it should be fine to act according to my feelings in a forthright manner, right?)
"Very well. Just for a little while should be okay."
Fianna made her decision, took Kamito's hand and walked forward.
"By the way, shouldn't we tell Claire and the others that we are going out?"
"Hey hey, this is rare chance for a date. There's no need to tell that bunch of people, right?"
"...Eh?"
Instantly, Fianna brought her steps to a sudden stop.
--The dissonance she felt starting from a while ago was transformed into decisive fact by a single statement.
"Let go!"
Fianna cried out shrilly and shook off Kamito's hand.
"W-What's the matter, Fianna!?"
"...Who are you?"
"What?"
"Kamito-kun would never call our comrades 'that bunch of people,' absolutely never!"
Fianna glared coldly at the youth before her eyes--
This was merely someone taking on Kamito's appearance.
"...Fufu, I see."
The youth's tone of voice -- no, the entire voice became completely different.
"I even attempted to use a bit of mental manipulation magic... But the result is still a failure."
Immediately, Kamito's figure distorted to take on a girl's appearance.
Vivid blue hair. An erotic outfit like an exotic dancer's.
She was a beautiful girl. However, her face gave off an impression like a poisonous flower.
Her ominous red eyes swept over Fianna's entire body as if they belonged to a snake eyeing its prey.
"...!?"
"--I have come to welcome you, Darkness Queen."
In that instant, the girl released a flash of lightning from her fingertips--
Thereby Fianna lost consciousness.

"Man, what rotten luck..."
After suffering from Rinslet's frozen treatment, Kamito was preparing to return to the tent.
"...Eh?"
Just by chance, he happened to spot Claire exiting the forest.
Her hair, styled into twintails, were standing on end like a blazing fire. Behind her, Scarlet was chasing its master as if trying to keep her master's mood under observation.
(...Well, the fact that she's in a bad mood is easy enough to understand.)
Smiling wryly, Kamito approached Claire.
"Hey, Claire--"
"Uwah, K-Kamito!?"
Turning her head back in response, Claire blushed and screamed as soon as she saw Kamito's face.
"W-What? Stop scaring me!"
"What do you mean? It was just a normal greeting."
"Sh-Shut up, I-I don't feel that way about you--"
Blushing to her ears, Claire suddenly turned her face away.
(...What's going on?)
...Although Kamito was not quite sure what was going on, Claire behaving strangely was nothing new anyway.
"How's Fianna's condition?"
"Hmph, how would I know? That perverted princess whatever."
"Did you quarrel again?"
"..."
Claire pouted, her face still turned away.
Kamito sighed helplessly... Oh well, these two girls quarreling was nothing new either.
The two continued walking side by side for a while--
"Hey, Kamito..."
Claire suddenly spoke up.
"What?"
"This morning when we engaged the Four Gods in blade dance, you were using her sword skills again, right?"
"...What, you're repeating the same subject from yesterday again?"
Despite his shock and surprise, Kamito continued to retort defiantly.
...Clearly her suspicions have not been dispelled completely.
"I'm not talking about that. Otherwise, we'd end up arguing all over again."
"It's nothing serious anyway."
Kamito replied calmly.
"Seeing what happened during that blade dance, it got me wondering. Is it possible that we have become your shackles? Perhaps you'd be able to perform at full capability if you fought alone, like Ren Ashbell, the Strongest Blade Dancer three years ago. Stuff like that."
"..."
Claire's eyes were serious.
Kamito could not figure out exactly why she was asking about this.
Most probably, it was a subject brought up during her quarrel with Fianna just now.
Yesterday, Fianna had also agonized over the same issue.
"I--"
Just as he was about to say something, Kamito hesitated.
What he needed to say were not words of comfort.
Hence, he had to consider carefully before he came up with words to say.
(My past self would definitely give a different answer compared to now...)
In the past, Kamito undoubtedly pursued power as an individual.
Back then, he had thought of it as only logical. After all, having people that required protection would cause one to be weak.
Only by eliminating the need to protect anyone or anything would a person brave enough to lay down his own life become the most powerful. That was what was taught at that insane facility.
However, things were different now.
(Precisely because of my comrades fighting by my side have I been able to become this strong.)
This was something he discovered for the first time only after enrolling in the Academy and meeting Claire and the girls.
Even the darkness spirit who had taught Kamito everything he knew had not succeeded in achieving this.
Raising his bowed head, Kamito spoke up.
"The existence of teammates has made me stronger. This is my entire power now. If I were alone, I definitely could not have defeated that Nepenthes Lore."
This was neither a lie nor modesty but his sincere feelings.
"Kamito..."
Claire clenched her fists tightly before her chest.
Those bright clear eyes of hers, resembling flawless rubies, seemed mildly moistened... Apparently.
"I-It feels kind of embarrassing, this way..."
"Y-Yeah..."
Who knew who started it, but the two of the them started avoiding eye contact.
"...But anyway, thanks."
"What's the matter, for you to be so honest for once?"
"Sh-Shut up and turn into charcoal!"
With just some slight teasing, Claire was back to form.
(...Oh well, that's the way it should be.)
Kamito smiled wryly to himself.
"Hmm, what are you two doing over there!?"
Suddenly, Ellis arrived from the air via Flight magic.
Landing on the ground with a thud, she rapidly made a thrust with her sword towards Kamito's neck.
"Kamito, what sort of outrageous act did you commit again?"
"What the heck are you talking about? I never do anything like that!"
"Th-That's right. I-Indecency, nothing of that sort was being done!"
"What, to think you would mention indecency?"
"Claire, saying something like that while blushing would only cause misunderstandings!"
Hearing Kamito's snide remark, Claire awkwardly turned away from Ellis.
"By the way, Ellis, did something happen on your watch?"
Kamito did not think the serious and hardworking captain of the knights would simply cast her duties aside.
...Something must have happened.
"Ah yes, just now a wind spirit reported--"
Ellis switched to a serious expression and waved to summon a petite spirit in her service.
It was a translucent spirit shaped like a butterfly.
"Apparently, Her Highness the imperial princess has exited the Barrier."
"Fianna?"
"What did you say!?"
Kamito and Claire cried out in surprise simultaneously.
The forest at night was extremely dangerous. Fianna should know that very well.
"Why would this happen..."
Halfway through her question, Claire suddenly opened her eyes wide.
"Could it be because she quarreled with me...?"
"No, Fianna wouldn't act like that... It's not like she's you, Claire."
"Wh-What the heck!?"
Kamito decided to ignore Claire's pouting.
"But what is going on? Entering the forest alone is really--"
"...Apparently she did not go alone."
"Huh?"
"Apparently, Her Highness the imperial princess went out into the night forest together with Kamito."
"......"
This statement brought forth a lengthy silence.
"......Huh?"
"L-Like I said, Her Highness the imperial princess was together with Kamito!"
Ellis glared sharply at Kamito as she screamed.
"Kamito, y-you..."
Rumble rumble rumble rumble rumble rumble...!
Claire's crimson hair blazed like a great fire.
Kamito felt like there was some kind of bizarre misunderstanding -- or more accurately, he had been framed.
"W-Wait a minute, don't you find this is too weird!?"
Kamito frantically protested.
"Until just earlier, I was helping Rinslet with the dishes."
"...Hmm, that's true now that you mention it. I only parted ways with Fianna just a short while earlier."
"Then the Kamito that the wind spirit saw was..."
Realizing the strangeness of the situation, the two girls puzzled with their heads tilted.
"--Say, if this is really true, then this is a very serious situation, yes?"
"...Indeed, this is even worse than if she went out alone."
Nodding, Claire pondered with her hand supporting her chin.
"If that is the case, then someone disguised as Kamito had taken Fianna outside the barrier. Due to bearing Kamito's appearance, the spirits on watch did not react."
"In other words, Her Highness the imperial princess was kidnapped? But even if appearances were altered using spirit magic I do not think it is possible to neutralize the Barrier's alarm."
"In principle, yes, but do remember this is the Blade Dance where elite elementalists gather from various countries. It won't be surprising even if there are magic users who can emulate appearances and even trick spirits."
"Even so, why would Fianna be singled out..."
Kamito muttered in deep thought.
--Completely incomprehensible, why she would be kidnapped.
Supposing magic stones were the aim, then hers could have been taken on the spot. Kamito had also thought of the other possibility of her being taken hostage as a bargaining chip, however--
(...That's too improbable. After all, the risk is too high.)
The Blade Dance was not a pure combat festival but a ritual ceremony for making offerings to the Elemental Lords.
If someone were to use despicable methods equivalent to defiling this fundamental principle, not only would they be condemned by all the spectating countries, they would even bring about the Elemental Lords' displeasure depending on the situation.
In actual fact, in the history of past Blade Dance festivals, there did exist cases when teams obtained victory through underhanded means, thereby bringing calamity upon their home countries.
"Anyway, let's go search for her! And call Rinslet too."
"Yeah."
Leaving Claire to find Rinslet, Kamito went to the tent to pick up Est.
Entering inside, Kamito found Est sleeping soundly on Kamito's bed.
"...Bean curd, bean curd~"
...Looks like she's having quite a wonderful dream.
It felt quite a shame to rouse her awake right now.
"Est, I'm sorry, it's time to get up."
"...Huah, Kamito, are we going out?"
Dressed in western style pajamas and still in a dreamy haze, Est rubbed her sleepy eyes and woke up.
"Yeah. Est, your power is essential."
Seeing Kamito nodding, Est woke up completely.
Without asking anything, she lightly held Kamito's hand.
"--I am your sword. Your will be done."
Est's cute body was enveloped by particles of light as she took on the form of a sacred sword in Kamito's hand.
"...Thanks, Est."
"Kamito, everyone has gathered. Are you ready?"
Claire and the girls had converged before the tent.
"I've heard what happened already. Leave the tracking to Fenrir."
By Rinslet's side, the white wolf howled.
"...Next, I think it's better if we split into two teams."
"Good idea. Then Rinslet and I will search the west side while Kamito and Ellis take the east. Violent spirits roam the forest at night, so be careful."
Claire gave clear and concise orders like a team commander. Combining Ellis' excellent tracking skills and Kamito's specialization in covert operations on one hand. Teaming up Claire and Rinslet together, on the other hand, offered substantial tracking ability from both members as well as excellent coordinated offensive capability. In this manner, Team Scarlet was split into relatively balanced sub teams.
Kamito nodded and began to sprint with Ellis through the night forest.
...Drip.
Fianna woke and opened her eyes as result of the icy cold sensation of falling water droplets.
"Hmm, this place... is...?"
Still in a hazy state of consciousness, she swept her gaze back and forth across her surroundings.
This was a space enclosed by sturdy walls of rock. It seemed to be a natural cave.
Massive spirit crystals were arranged all around. The cave was illuminated by dim light.
"Why am I in a place like this..."
Fianna felt her head hurting sharply. Only when she tried to move her body did she notice.
Her hands could not move away from the wall of rock.
Fianna looked up in surprise to find her hands cuffed by metal shackles, pinned securely to the rock face.
"...Wait, what on earth is going on!?"
She struggled hard but achieved nothing except for ear-splitting noise from the shackles.
"R-Right, all I need to do is summon Georgios..."
Thinking that, she began to summon her knight spirit.
As the spirit seal on her chest shone with light, a magic circle's glow appeared by her feet--
"--Eh?"
But the magic circle suddenly disappeared.
As a sense of total exhaustion filled her body, the summoning Gate also closed.
"Why...?"
"Fufu, you have awakened, Your Highness the imperial princess."
Suddenly a voice was heard in the darkness.
"...!?"
"Although unfortunate, summoning your contracted spirit is indeed impossible. Because a sealing barrier has been erected in this place."
"You are..."
Appearing out of the darkness was the girl who had transformed herself into Kamito's form.
"Second-in-command of Team Inferno representing the Alphas Theocracy -- Sjora Kahn."
"Sjora..."
The elementalist who had sent out her familiar into Team Scarlet's barrier yesterday.
...Clearly, Fianna had become her captive.
"...!"
Fianna bit her lip hard.
(I became a burden to my teammates again...)
As Fianna's lower jaw shook out of chagrin, Sjora lifted it lightly.
"Fufu, what a great expression. It excites me so."
"...How regrettable, I have no value as a hostage. Sjora Kahn."
As tears appeared in her dusk-colored eyes, Fianna resolutely glared back at Sjora.
"Ara, then you are surely selling yourself short. As the Calamity Queen's successor, you were chosen as the Fire Queen candidate."
Sjora jeered as if greatly amused as she drew her face near Fianna's ear.
"Be proud of yourself. You are the top candidate for the Darkness Queen who will be serving the Demon King, you know?"
"...Darkness... Queen...?"
The unfamiliar term caused Fianna to frown.
...It was an ominous sound which was sufficient to cause one to feel revulsion instinctively.
"Yes, Kazehaya Kamito -- the Demon King's successor awakened in this world. And then there is the Darkness Queen in charge of controlling him. Although little miss hell cat is also qualified as a candidate, that woman seems to prefer choosing you."
"...Kamito-kun is the Demon King's successor?"
"That's right. The savior our great Hierarch has been awaiting for over a thousand years."
--What on earth was she talking about? Fianna could not comprehend at all.
Even so, her instincts as a princess maiden alerted her that these were not simply delusional dreams.
(...Hell cat, that refers to Claire, right?)
"Hey, imperial princess. For the sake of our great Hierarch, I will bring the Demon King under my control. Neither that woman's, nor the darkness spirit's. Hence--"
With a rapturous expression, Sjora's tongue crept over Fianna's neck.
"...Yah!"
"...Whether your mind or your body, let them all become mine."
Sjora Kahn's fingertip slid across Fianna's neck to touch her forehead.
Instantly, Fianna felt her consciousness being eroded with a sense of being completely overwritten.
"...Ah... Ahhhhhhhhhh!"
If this continued, most likely she would be completely dominated from the core depths of her mind--
Hastily, Fianna severed her consciousness by her own willpower.
After all, training to protect one's mind was a required subject for all princess maidens at the Divine Ritual Institute.
"Eh, as befitted the original Queen candidate. I knew it wouldn't be that easy to succeed."
Sjora distorted her lips cruelly as she muttered.
"--However, how long can you endure?"
--Kamito and his teammates soon left the stronghold to search the forest.
The one who took Fianna away had not left behind any trails resembling footprints.
Tracking had to be left to wind spirits that served Ellis.
Ellis was currently conversing with a flock of butterfly-shaped spirits that had gathered on tree branches. Listening to the voices of wind spirits could be said to be her special skill.
Finally, Ellis stood up and walked towards Kamito.
"How is it?"
"Looks like no spirits in this area had seen those two."
"...Is that so? Then they probably didn't come here."
"However, given a skilled elementalist, deceiving the eyes of spirits is nothing difficult. If that is really what happened, what we should do is track down the traces left behind by the usage of spirit magic but that is beyond the domain of wind spirits. My apologies."
"There's no need for you to apologize, Ellis. Speaking of which, I'm the one who can't do anything here."
Kamito shook ahead and disagreed with Ellis who was disheartened by her own excessive seriousness.
"But we are definitely out of ideas. Perhaps we should contact Claire and Rinslet on the west side."
"Hmm, that is true."
--Just at this moment.
Kamito suddenly sensed a presence.
"--Ellis, lie down now."
"...!?"
Taking Ellis' hand, Kamito pushed her against the ground.
"Wha... K-Kamito, this is not the time...!"
"Q-Quiet!"
"Oh no... B-But, th-the first time really should be done on the bed..."
Ignoring Ellis who mumbled with her face all red, Kamito focused his attention on observing the surrounding presences.
(...This is not a spirit but the presence of an elementalist.)
While erasing his own presence, Kamito placed his hand on the Demon Slayer.
Kamito's serious expression made Ellis stop talking.
The presence could be sensed across the thicket and was approaching them.
Most likely, the other party had already noticed Kamito and Ellis.
Was this just an opposing team patrolling at night? If possible, Kamito hoped that they could leave each other alone, but the other party seemed quite determined.
(If we get into an encounter battle right now...)
Even though there was little chance of losing, time was currently of the essence.
(...In that case, I will make the first move and finish it instantly!)
Kamito made his decision as he infused divine power into Terminus Est.
Silver-white light illuminated the dark night. Sensing the other party's momentary fear from the brightness, Kamito dashed into the depths of the thicket.
Pushing forward like a gale, he slashed with godlike speed.
The sound of metal clashing rang out as intense sparks scattered in the darkness of the night.
(...I was blocked!?)
Such reaction speed was not normal. The other person was clearly quite accomplished.
Furthermore, even though he had not used maximum power, the opponent had managed to survive the Demon Slayer's attack after all.
(...Could it be, this person is!)
Illuminated by the sacred sword, the opponent's appearance finally entered Kamito's view.
The one who blocked Kamito's sword with one hand, equipped with gauntlets, was--
Her white hair particularly striking in the darkness, she was the girl with azure eyes.
"...Shao Fu of the White Tiger?"
"You are actually... Kazehaya Kamito?"
They both spoke at the same time.
"..."
"..."
For a brief period, they both maintained their elemental waffen in this engaged posture, not moving at all--
At this time, a series of footsteps was heard from deeper in the thicket.
"Shao, what on earth... Ah, y-you are--!"
The one who appeared was the Four Gods's sovereign. Her Highness Linfa Sin Quina the imperial princess.
"Bestial king of lust Kazehaya Kamito! Why have you made your presence here!"
"B-Bestial king of lust, what the heck..."
Kamito slumped his shoulders as if completely drained.
...He felt like all vigor had been lost.
"Kamito, what on earth is going on..."
Pursuing from behind, Ellis also arrived.
Shao used her other arm to restrain Linfa.
"Linfa-sama, please stay back--"
"..."
Still wielding his sword in a stance, Kamito frowned.
(...This looks quite unusual.)
Why would the Four Gods leave their stronghold and appear in this place during a time like this?
Also, it was most unnatural for Linfa to have only Shao as her lone bodyguard.
"I did not expect to encounter you here..."
Shao gritted her teeth, as if intending to guard Linfa with her life.
(...Looks like something must have happened.)
Based on the situation, perhaps a pointless fight could be avoided.
"Hey, Shao, could you wait a little bit?"
"...Why?"
"To be frank, I have no intention of fighting. Your side should be the same, right?"
Saying that, Kamito slowly withdrew his sword--
"Yeah..."
With an expression of mild surprise, Shao relaxed from her combat stance.
...I knew it. Neither of us wanted to attack.
"Right now, I have no intention to battle you. If we can leave each other alone in peace, that would be a great help."
Reassured, Shao exhaled with relief.
...On further examination, Kamito found her dress torn and tattered, and she had numerous wounds on her arms and legs.
This damage were definitely not sustained during the blade dance this morning.
"For an elementalist of your level, who could have injured you to this level? Where are your other comrades?"
Hearing Kamito's question--
Shao bit her lip as if suppressing intense chagrin.
"The Four Gods have been vanquished. We fell into the witch's trap."
"...!?"
---Shocking words have been uttered.

Kamito and Ellis listened to Shao's story at a location not far from the encounter just now.
Despite the urgency of the search for Fianna, news regarding the witch who had defeated the Four Gods was too alarming. Allegedly, the Four Gods's defeat stemmed from the witch disguising herself as one of their teammates, causing Linfa and the rest to fall into her carefully laid trap.
Taking on another's appearance to deceive others.
It was highly probable that this witch is the same person as the elementalist who kidnapped Fianna.
Kamito was just bending down to sit beside Linfa when she swiftly distanced herself as if running away.
She was really quite wary of him, even for someone on opposing teams.
(...But at least, she doesn't seem to be hurt.)
Linfa glared unerringly at Kamito.
"Hmm, Kazehaya Kamito, you intend to commit sexual assault upon me, is that what you are attempting?"
"As if anyone would do that! What on earth am I in your eyes?"
"Hmph, rumors about you have already spread to my country. Demon King Kamito's gaze is enough to seduce pure maidens, while a single touch of his fingertips is sufficient to make virgins pregnant!"
"What the heck are those rumors!? Am I a monster!?"
"K-Kamito, is that really true!? W-What should I do now, if I do not report immediately to my father--"
"Ellis, don't tell me you believe those rumors too!?"
...Somehow, it felt like rumors were not only spreading like crazy but also getting worse and worse.
"...Sigh, whatever. Let's hear the rest of your story."
Kamito sighed deeply and urged Shao to continue.
Shao nodded.
"That witch revealed herself after we retreated from the unfavorable blade dance against Team Scarlet."
Her face full of chagrin, Shao recounted how the Four Gods were wiped out.
During the blade dance against Kamito's team, Rion of the Vermilion Bird had apparently been replaced with the fake already. After revealing herself, the witch ordered several hundred demon spirits hidden in the forest to surround and attack the Four Gods.
Having just engaged Team Scarlet in blade dance, the Four Gods were too exhausted to muster any decent resistance. Seeing that they were about to be hunted down, Rao of the Azure Dragon had voluntarily sacrificed herself to allow princess Linfa and Shao to escape--
"The one who had transformed into Rion was Team Inferno's Sjora Kahn."
Shao uttered the name with agony.
"That girl, huh..."
It was the demon caster who had sent the snake into Team Scarlet's Barrier this morning.
(...Come to think of it, she was also particularly obsessed with Fianna at the time.)
Kamito recalled something mentioned about a Darkness Queen, but what did it actually mean?
"Very likely, the one who took on Kamito's appearance and kidnapped Fianna is also that witch."
With a mysterious expression, Ellis murmured.
Kamito turned to face Linfa and Shao--
"...So, what are your plans from here on?"
"Hmph, the answer is obvious, fool!"
Whack. A thick branch struck Kamito on the head.
"Naturally, we must retrieve the magic stones the witch stole from our comrades. Rao, Hakua and Rion -- even though taking back the magic stones will not bring them back into the game, we must hold a memorial service for them at least."
"...Hold a memorial service? But they haven't died, right?"
Kamito remarked snidely with his eyes half narrowed.
"I want to retrieve their magic stones too. Although I do wish for vengeance, if this continues, we won't be able to win the Blade Dance festival."
"I-In that case, putting the mighty renown of our great empire out on the line, Team Inferno shall be vanquished!"
"I appreciate your vigor and conviction, but do you have the corresponding combat potential, current Four Gods?"
"Hmm, b-but..."
Linfa stammered at a loss for words.
...Clearly they did not have a plan either.
But in that case, this made negotiations easier. Gazing at the two girls alternately, Kamito spoke up.
"Hey, I've got a suggestion. How about we join forces?"
Regardless, their opponent was an elementalist under Team Inferno after all. The more allies, the better.
"Hmm... Join forces? With you?"
Linfa revealed a tactless expression of revulsion.
"I-In other words, y-you wish for me to satisfy your carnal desires?"
"W-What!?"
"That's completely wrong! Ellis, stop drawing your sword recklessly!"
Kamito clutched his head in exasperation.
"Linfa-sama, I believe agreeing to their suggestion would better serve our interests."
Unexpectedly, the one supporting Kamito at this time was Shao.
"Hmm, w-why!?"
"No matter what, if I had to do it alone, defeating that witch is truly a challenge. Furthermore, this guy here is not the atrocious immoral rogue king as rumored. Having engaged him in battle, I have realized this fact."
"Hmm, if Shao says so."
With great reluctance, Linfa finally nodded.
"Then it's decided. The alliance between Team Scarlet and Four Gods is hereby established."
Kamito and Shao bumped fists together.
"By the way, do you have any idea where Sjora Kahn is located?"
"Linfa-sama can use Clairvoyance so long as there is a shrine or a sacred spring. With that we can acquire the witch's movements."
"I remember Clairvoyance being the highest form of ritual magic... How impressive, despite being so small."
"Hmph, now you finally show some respect... Hmm, I am not small! Like you, I am sixteen years of age as well!"
The imperial princess roared tearfully as she noisily threw little pebbles at Kamito.
(...Hmm, definitely, Milla acts far more mature than her.)
"A shrine or a sacred spring eh -- Well then, let us return to the stronghold first."
Ellis suggested at this time.
"Yeah, I'll go call for Claire and Rinslet to return. Ellis, why don't you take these two back into the stronghold?"
"Yes, acknowledged."
Bidding Ellis and the rest goodbye, Kamito headed towards Claire and Rinslet.
Meanwhile, the Raven Class combo of Claire and Rinslet were searching the forest on the west side.
Scarlet and Fenrir were tasked with searching for traces of Fianna's divine power.
"Looks like she definitely passed through here."
"Yeah. But it will very difficult to continue tracking from here. In any case, let's meet up with Kamito first."
Turning around to make their way back, Rinslet asked a question.
"So anyway, why were you quarreling with Her Highness the imperial princess?"
"It has nothing to do with you."
"...Could it be about breasts?"
"O-Of course not!"
Claire could not help but roar angrily.
"...Fianna seems quite troubled about this morning's blade dance."
She explained what just happened in the forest.
Obviously, all the parts related to Kamito -- were omitted.
"Carrying out elemental waffe releasing training on her own? That's way too dangerous!"
"That's right. However, it's not like I can't understand Fianna's impatience. Even for myself, I once went through a period of anxiety when I sought power in order to participate in the Blade Dance."
Claire recalled what happened two months earlier. Due to her excessive desire for power, the time when she made her bid for the dangerous sealed spirit.
(...Did Kamito ever go through such a phase?)
During the blade dance against the Four Gods, he had exhibited overwhelming skills in blade dance.
Once that level of power had been achieved, there was probably no need for this sort of worrying?
...As soon as her thoughts turned to Kamito, it felt like she was unable to stay calm.
(Seriously, it's all Fianna's fault for saying that--)
In an attempt to cool her head which felt like it was on fire, Claire shook her head vigorously.
--I love Kamito-kun.
Back then, Fianna was not showing a mischievous expression like always.
(Those eyes of hers, it was as if she had made some sort of resolution...)
--At this very moment.
"What a coincidence. To think we'd meet here."
"...!?"
From the depths of the darkness came a voice, causing Claire and Rinslet to enter a battle stance.
(We failed to sense the other person's presence!?)
This particular fact caused Claire's instincts to raise quite an alarm.
"...Who is this!?"
With a shrill cry, Rinslet summoned her elemental waffe of the magic bow. Without waiting for the other party to answer, she immediately unleashed an attack to achieve containment -- such was the natural result expected from the Ice Storm.
The freezing arrow was shot straight forward, leaving a trail like a comet's tail.
However--
"How boorish, little Laurenfrost lady."
The darkness gave birth to crimson flames which instantly devoured the arrow of frost.
Amidst the dancing flames, a person's figure was illuminated in the darkness.
"...Y-You... are...!"
Claire could feel shivers traveling all over her spine.
"I-I don't believe this..."
Similarly, Rinslet was frozen in her bow-drawing posture.
Subduing the crimson flames, a scarlet mask appeared in the darkness.
Dark-colored hair fluttered in the wind.
"Ren Ashbell--!"
Claire cried out with despair.
(...Why, why would she be in a place like this!?)
Questions spread out and filled her mind.
No, the reason was not important right now. The undeniable truth currently was the fact that the strongest elementalist of the current Blade Dance had appeared before Claire.
(...What should I do? Right now, what is the best possible course of action?)
Cold sweat flowed down to Claire's chin.
Fighting was out of the question. But what if running away presented an opening to the enemy--
--At this time, Claire suddenly noticed.
Why the Strongest Blade Dancer, Ren Ashbell, had appeared at this location.
Team Inferno had made moves on Team Scarlet numerous times already.
That Ren Ashbell was unrelated to the current situation... Making such an assertion would be utterly naive and optimistic.
"Are you actually the one who took Fianna away!?"
Suppressing the fear she felt towards the existence before her, Claire cried out.
"Me, taking the Ordesia princess?"
"T-That's right, transforming into Kamito's appearance... It must be your doing!"
"..."
Several seconds passed--
"...I see, so that's what happened."
Ren Ashbell nodded to herself as if she figured out something.
"Did the witch intend to steal a march -- or perhaps, it was under the orders of the Alphas Theocracy's Snake?"
"Stop pretending you're unaware of it!"
Claire summoned the fiery hell cat by her feet.
Even though it was a meaningless act, Claire thought it could at least provide some sort of intimidation--
The instant Scarlet appeared--
"Hoh--"
Suddenly, Ren Ashbell exclaimed profoundly.
"The Elstein's family's Scarlet Valkyrie, eh? A spirit completely unsuited to you in your current state."
"...What?"
After whispering words completely unfamiliar to Claire, she continued.
"Interesting. Let's play for a bit."
Using her white gloved right hand, she started a small fire.
"...!"
Claire bit her lip hard.
"What should we do, Claire?"
"There's no choice, Rinslet, we must fight."
After all, if Ren Ashbell were to get serious, escape was completely out of the question.
"However, you might be able to escape while I'm fighting."
"Hmph, please keep these stupid jokes to yourself."
Rinslet shook her head with great resolve and readied her magic bow of ice.
"...Rinslet, thank you."
With a barely audible voice, Claire spoke to her childhood friend, then immediately--
She turned to face the strongest blade dancer who emanated a terrifyingly oppressive aura simply by standing there.
No chance for victory. Also impossible to flee.
Most likely, they were going to lose their magic stones and be forced to retire here.
However, Kamito and the rest of the team should be able to continue fighting to the last day of the Blade Dance.
--Precisely because she believed so, Claire was able to resolve herself.
So long as she had resolution, fear was no longer a problem.
"Ren Ashbell, I have a question for you."
Claire inquired at this time.
"What?"
"You, are you truly that Ren Ashbell?"
"What do you mean?"
The ruby-like eyes flashed from behind the mask, penetrating Claire.
"You are not the Strongest Blade Dancer, Ren Ashbell, the one whom I idolize -- That's what I mean."
"...Indeed."
The masked elementalist admitted with forthrightness.
"It's true, I am not the Ren Ashbell you know."
"Hearing that, I am relieved."
With a sigh of relief, Claire summoned Flametongue in her hands.
"--In that case, I can go all out without reservation!"
Yelling at the same time, she began to swing the fiery whip.
A crimson slash split the darkness of the night acutely.
"Not bad in terms of the elemental waffe's purity. Nevertheless--"
The elementalist who had stolen Ren Ashbell's name -- drew a magic circle in the air with flames burning on her fingertip.
"--Come forth from the furnace of conflagration, Hellhound."
From the burning magic circle appeared a hunting hound enveloped in fire.
Rather than spirit summoning magic, this was a pseudo life form forged from magical flames.
The flaming hound roared and rushed forward, ripping Flametongue apart with its sharp claws.
"Impossible! My Scarlet...!"
"Let me show you the proper way to use fire."
The summoned Hellhound roared with savagery as it pounced.
"...!?"
"Claire, dodge!"
Slicing through the air with an acute sound, freezing arrows flew over Claire's to smash the hound.
"Thanks a lot, Rinslet!"
"The Laurenfrost family's strongest demon ice spirit -- So you're the one who inherited it."
"You know Judia?"
Rinslet's eyes widened in a stare.
Ren Ashbell silently summoned a vortex of fire in her hands.
"Let's go, Scarlet!"
As Claire released divine power, Flametongue swiftly regenerated and lit on fire once more.
Just as the crimson slash flashed again -- in that very instant, Ren Ashbell disappeared.
"...!?"
In the next instant, the scarlet mask appeared in Claire's view.
"...Impossible, teleportation!?"
"The power of fire lies not only in destruction. Its traits also include producing mirages through differences in air temperature."
Her tone of voice sounded almost like a teacher lecturing a student.
(Is that so, using flames to disorient light around the body--)
Enveloped in fire, a fist landed on Claire's chest.
As her body was wrapped in fire, Claire was easily blown away like a piece of paper, falling on the ground.
"...Guh... Ooh...!"
Unable to breathe. The flames around her were snatching oxygen from the surrounding air.
As Claire panted, Flametongue returned to the hell cat's form. Like a ravenous creature, Scarlet devoured all the flames surrounding her.
Amidst flickering fire, Ren Ashbell's figure approached without pause.
"Freezing fangs of ice, go forth and pierce -- Freezing Arrow!"
Innumerable freezing arrows tore through the darkness of the night as they were shot.
However, Ren Ashbell did not make any motion to evade.
"Red castle walls, intercepting armies ten thousand strong -- Flame Wall."
Instantly, the erected barrier of fire vanquished the freezing arrows completely.
"Excellent aim and speed -- However, your power is decisively inadequate. This is fatal for a sniper."
As soon as these words were uttered, burning arrows were shot from behind the wall of fire, flying towards Rinslet.
Rinslet intended to unleash freezing arrows again but was too late.
"I'm not going to let you succeed -- Flame Wall."
Claire immediately performed the same magic.
However.
"Yah!"
The burning arrows easily penetrated the barrier of fire, striking the two girls and blowing them into the thicket.
"...Im... possible...!"
"Whether it is the skill in spirit magic or the absolute amount of divine power, you two are both inferior. Even if you use the same magic, a difference in power is only inevitable."
"Guh..."
Completely overwhelming.
As users of the same attribute of fire, to think such a difference in level was possible.
Stepping upon the intensely burning flames, the masked elementalist approached slowly.
As if trying to protect Claire who was collapsed on the ground, the fiery hell cat blocked her path.
"Scarlet, don't!"
Despite Claire's cries--
Scarlet roared acutely and attacked the enemy before them.
However, the masked girl easily dodged and unleashed a punch infused with divine power.
The hell cat was struck down on the ground with a painful scream.
"--Scarlet!"
"Without releasing its true name, even a renowned spirit weapon can only perform at this miserable level--"
"...Releasing its true name?"
Still lying on the ground, Claire frowned.
She had heard from her grandfather that Scarlet's true name as a spirit had been lost since ancient times.
Why would this girl know about that--
At this very moment.
"How disappointing, Claire Rouge. You are not worthy of fighting me in the finals."
"...!"
A massive ball of flame appeared in Ren Ashbell's hand.
This was the spirit magic of Fireball. However, its size was orders of magnitudes greater than Claire's.
(If this attack strikes us directly--)
Claire forcefully shifted her gaze towards behind her.
Struck down by the burning arrows and collapsed on the ground, Rinslet was panting painfully.
She was in no state to stand up and evade--
"--Rinslet!"
In that very instant--
Claire's twintails became untied and stood up burning like flames.
A fiery blaze burst forth from the depths of her eyes of ruby.
"--What?"
An exclamation of surprise was leaked from beneath Ren Ashbell's mask as she released the fireball.
Crimson flames came forth from Claire's hands, devouring--
--Or rather, it incinerated the massive fire into nothing.
Instead of exploding, the giant fireball disappeared in midair.
"Pant, pant, pant... Guh..."
Maintaining the same pose as when she unleashed the crimson flames--
Claire fell upon her knees like an unstringed puppet.
"W-What on earth just happened...?"
Rinslet moaned with her face filled with surprise.
This was not without reason. The unbelievable phenomenon that just occurred had completely surpassed common sense knowledge of spirit magic.
"Flames that incinerates other flames -- What an interesting sight to witness."
Ren Ashbell spoke softly as she approached Claire who had collapsed from exhaustion.
"As I thought, the one suited to the role of the Darkness Queen is--"
Just as her fingertips were about to caress Claire's face, in that very instant--
Stab--!
A short sword flew across the scarlet mask, embedding itself into the ground.
"Don't think you can touch my master so easily -- Ren Ashbell."
"...!?"
That voice caused Claire to open her eyes slightly--
"Kami... to..."
Hurrying to the scene from out of the darkness was Kamito with the Demon Slayer in hand.
"Kazehaya Kamito--"
"You bitch, how dare you do this to Claire and Rinslet...!"
Wrath swelled in Kamito's jet black eyes as he kicked the ground and leaped.
"Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!"
Closing the distance instantly, he swung the brightly shining sacred sword straight down without question.
With a great flash of light, the sword blade sung with metallic timbre.
"...!"
Summoned suddenly without anyone noticing--
Appearing in Ren Ashbell's hand was a burning sword of fire.
"Elemental waffe -- no wait, that's a creation of spirit magic..."
Claire murmured as she shuddered. For the elemental waffe of the strongest class, Terminus Est, to be blocked by a sword of spirit magic--
How much divine power had been infused to forge its creation?
Sparks shone brightly in the darkness. One round, two rounds... The two clashed and engaged one another intensely in battle.
"How could that kind of thing block Est!?"
During the third round, Ren Ashbell's sword of fire shattered.
Kamito took a step forward and unleashed a slash with godlike speed.
"Your movements are much improved compared to a few days ago. As expected of the one who defeated Nepenthes Lore without awakening--"
Ren Ashbell whispered softly beneath the mask. Immediately afterwards, her figure disappeared suddenly like a mirage--
Kamito's sword simply sliced through air.
"...She's fleeing?"
"Go on and advance to the finals, Kazehaya Kamito."
From the forest enshrouded in darkness, her voice could be heard.
"--Once that time arrives, you shall learn about the truth of what happened three years ago."
In the night forest where the spirits were restless--
Kamito was shouldering the unconscious Claire on his back. Beside him, Fenrir was carrying the likewise unconscious Rinslet.
A transient encounter had concluded with the scarlet-masked elementalist -- the other Strongest Blade Dancer, Ren Ashbell.
Despite the briefness of their crossing of blades, Kamito learned with deep realization.
(Now that was truly a monster...)
Despite her appearance of a girl's, she was without any doubt a monster surpassing Nepenthes Lore.
Whether in the level of swordsmanship or in the strength of divine power, the difference was overwhelming.
(Furthermore, that girl defeated these two without even summoning her contracted spirit.)
Cold sweat flowed down his neck.
(Even if I recovered my power from three years ago, I--)
The spirit seal on his left hand stung with pain.
Moments later, when Kamito arrived back at Team Scarlet's stronghold--
"Kamito, what happened to them!?"
Ellis cried out in surprise when she came out to greet them.
"...Yeah. Sorry, could you help me a bit."
Explaining to Ellis what had happened, Kamito enlisted her help to lay the two girls onto the beds in the tent.
"What about the other two?"
"Princess Linfa is currently seeking Sjora Kahn's location. Shao Fu is accompanying her."
"So it does take quite a long time, right?"
Kamito wished to rescue Fianna as quickly as possible without a second to lose.
"I will go check on their progress. Kamito, you should stay by the sides of Claire and Rinslet here."
Saying that, Ellis left the tent.
"..."
Left behind, Kamito activated healing spirit crystals and had the girls clasp them in their hands.
As if trying to comfort her, Scarlet was licking Claire's severely burned hands.
(...What on earth happened? Even as a user of fire, she looked like she got burned by her own flames or something.)
The only conceivable possibility was spirit magic running out of control--
However, Kamito did not believe Claire could make such an elementary mistake.
Soon after, Claire was the first to wake up.
"Ooh, Kami... to...?"
Frowning tensely from the pain, she slowly raised her upper body.
"Is your condition okay?"
"Yeah, looks like she held back and showed mercy. To her, the battle just now was just child's play."
Claire bit her lip with chagrin.
"Have we gained any clues to Fianna's location?"
"Yeah. It was Team Inferno's Sjora Kahn who kidnapped Fianna. Sjora most likely decided on her own to perpetrate this act. Those members of Team Inferno don't seem very united."
"However, why would she take Fianna away?"
"...Indeed, the magic stone is not the goal."
Kamito rested his chin on his hand as he pondered--
"Come to think of it, Sjora's familiar said something incomprehensible. About Fianna being suited to be the Darkness Queen or whatever, somehow it feels like..."
"...Darkness Queen?"
Claire's eye brows jumped.
"You're heard of it?"
"I seem to recall seeing it before. A forbidden book from my family's sealed library. Because the Elstein family gave rise to many Queens throughout the generations, we have collected a large number of forbidden books related to legends regarding queens. That one, I think it said..."
Claire pressed an index finger against her temple--
"The Elemental Lords ruling over Astral Zero actually total six in number. If that's the case, there should exist a corresponding Queen to serve that sixth Elemental Lord. Of course, this is deemed heresy by the Divine Ritual Institute."
"The sixth Elemental Lord..."
Kamito felt a stirring in his heart.
A certain name surfaced in his mind, one fraught with a complicated past
The being whose existence was wiped out in the distant past, the Darkness Elemental Lord -- Ren Ashdoll.
An existence whose veracity was still in doubt, why would its name now be--
"...Ooh, Kami... to-san..."
"Rinslet?"
"...Ah, Kamito-san, where are you touching, so perverted!"
"Wha!?"
...Was she talking in her dreams? She must be having some sort of outrageous dream.
"Y-You, y-you're doing what in her dreams...?"
Claire glared with a frightening gaze.
"W-Wait a minute, how could you hold me responsible for this!?"
"Uwah, h-how could this happen, what are you doing with Claire, ah..."
"H-Hold it right there, what are you dreaming about!? Hurry and get up!"
"Claire... And also, Kamito?"
Blushing intensely, Claire shook Rinslet by the shoulders, causing her to open her eyes forcefully.
"Seriously..."
Kamito breathed a sigh of relief.
Ellis entered the tent at this time.
"Princess Linfa has completed the preparations for clairvoyance. Let us gather at the spring."
--When everyone had gathered by the spring, Linfa was already performing the last ritual dance, dressed in her glittering rainbow-colored elemental waffe, Seraphim Feathers.
The great imperial princess who always acted so childishly appeared especially sacred at this moment.
Bowing towards the spring, she then quietly turned towards Kamito's group.
"--Hereafter, clairvoyance shall be performed on the witch's lair. Watch carefully."
Everyone nodded silently.
Softly uttering a spirit language prayer, Linfa activated the magic for far sight.
This was high level magic for displaying a target's location by interfering with Astral Zero's space.
...Very soon, the water surface began to move even in the absence of wind.
The vague image of some unknown place appeared on the surface of the spring water that reflected moonlight.
Kamito and the group focused their gaze sharply on the water surface.
Dense flourishing forest. Desolate, decrepit and collapsed stone columns. Rock faces covered with spreading moss. All around were the remnant of flaking sculptures.
--This was apparently the site of an ancient shrine's remains.
"The image belongs within the grounds of the Blade Dance, right?"
"Hmm, in principle, yes."
"Hey, this place, could it be there?"
Claire spoke up.
"There?"
"See, the historical site the Rupture Division used as their stronghold--"
"Oh right!"
It was the place where Kamito and Claire had taken shelter from the rain last time when they went over to negotiate an alliance with the Rupture Division.
The place should have been damaged by Nepenthes Lore already. Had a new barrier been erected there to reuse the location?
"Oh dear, the other party seems to have noticed!"
Linfa suddenly spoke up.
Instantly, the water surface began to shake violently, disrupting the image and causing it to disappear.
"...What happened?"
"Hmm, looks like the witch discovered it."
"Knowing the place is good enough, let's go!"
"Yeah!"
Hearing Kamito's rally for action, everyone nodded vigorously.
"Ufufu, looks like they have caught wind of this place."
In the cave sealed off by viscous darkness--
Sjora Kahn's lips distorted into a smile.
"Kamito-kun... They...?"
In a hazy state of consciousness -- Fianna murmured his name.
Having endured several hours of sustained mental torture, she was currently severely weakened in body and mind.
However, the emptiness lingering in her eyes showed minute brightness once more.
"...How truly amazing. To think you could continue enduring my mental domination for so long."
Mocking sardonically, the witch lifted Fianna's chin with her hand.
"...!?"
"But how truly regrettable. Your hopes will be crushed before your eyes. When that is done, even you, exalted princess, you shall fall, yes?"
Accompanied by delightful jeering, Sjora's fingernails dug into Fianna's smooth skin.
Bright red blood flowed down from Fianna's face.
"Your friends will be arriving soon. I must prepare a good welcoming for them."
Sjora turned her heels and walked to the center of the cave.
On the stone floor, a gigantic magic circle had been carved.
Raising both her arms, Sjora softly recited a long spirit language incantation.
Halfway through, the magic circle began to give off an ominous crimson glow as the historical site began to rumble.
"This... is...!?"
Fianna suddenly opened her eyes wide.
"Fufu, this ancient ruin was used in the ancient past as a Gate for summoning powerful spirits."
Zuzuzu... Zu... Zuzu... Zuzuzuzu...!
From the center of the magic circle, disgusting monsters were slowly crawling out.
One, two, three... No, their numbers were increasing without limit.
This was a swarm of demon spirits that humans were definitely unable to control due to their abnormal mental structure.
"--Descend upon a bloody feast! Dead ones of the endless abyss!"
The demon caster -- Sjora Kahn laughed with a jeer.
"Very well, please welcome the guests with due ceremony. My lovely children."

--A few moments after that.
Kamito and his group arrived at the historical site which the Rupture Division had formerly used as their stronghold.
"Is this really the place?"
"...Yeah, no mistake about it."
Faced with Ellis' doubtful question, Claire gulped a mouthful of air.
Ellis' question was not without reason. Currently, the surroundings of the ruins was filled with an ominous aura that did not match with a barrier built by an elementalist.
"It seems completely different from the last time we came here..."
Kamito stepped in as he placed a hand on Terminus Est at his waist.
"This is already the interior of a witch's barrier -- Be careful."
"It's almost like a spider's lair. The air is rather turbid."
Shao spat out her words.
Entering an elementalist's carefully constructed stronghold was like attacking a secure castle. Without sufficient superiority in combat potential, breaching the defenses would be impossible.
(Especially a stronghold constructed by a princess maiden skilled in ritual magic--)
Feeling an illusion as if his feet were trudging through a muddy bog, Kamito made his way forward.
The entrance of the ruins lay open like a mouth of darkness, inviting victims to an obvious trap.
"...This is exactly like the Pandemonium of legend."
Just as Claire muttered, in that instant--
"...Something's coming!?"
Kamito halted his steps and turned back to look up at the pitch black night sky.
Instantly, numerous magic circles appeared in the air -- the whole area was covered by crimson flashing light.
Then--
From the magic circles, a swarm of innumerable strangely shaped beings burst forth like a tide.
Gigantic eyes with several arms growing out of them. Burning skulls that cackled noisily. Amorphous amoeba that tumbled about. Giants with heads sprouting from their arms and shoulders. Spherical shadows that expanded and contracted incessantly--
"...Demon spirits!"
"We of the Four Gods were wiped out by these things!"
In order to protect Linfa, Shao readied her elemental waffe, the Divine Tiger Fangs.
"But these numbers... Cannot compare to last time!"
Dozens, hundreds, thousands -- the swarm of demon spirits was increasing without bound, forming a pitch black cloud that enshrouded the entire vicinity of the ruins. Even though Sjora Kahn was known as the demon caster, summoning such an enormous number of demon spirits should be impossible. Very likely, the ancient ruins themselves functioned as some sort of summoning device.
"Freezing fangs of ice, go forth and pierce -- Freezing Arrow!"
Rinslet unleashed arrows of ice, striking down dozens of demon spirits in succession.
Nevertheless, this was merely a drop in the bucket. The rate of increase in numbers greatly surpassed Rinslet's efforts.
"...This is hopeless. Faced with such numbers of spirits as opponents, this will be never ending."
Claire yelled out as she swept enemies away with Flametongue.
"..."
Watching the cloud-like swarm, Kamito pondered for a while, then said:
"Hey, I've got a suggestion--"
"What?"
"Leaves these things to me. Claire and the others, why don't you go rescue Fianna?"
Slicing the demon spirit before him in half, Kamito suggested.
"...No way! Even for you, Kamito, these numbers are--"
"You'll exhaust your divine power very quickly and become unable to use your elemental waffe!"
Claire and Rinslet instantly objected.
Indeed, Terminus Est's massive consumption of divine power was its one and only weakness.
--But of course, Kamito was already aware of that.
"No problem. After all, we have the great imperial princess here who is highly skilled in ritual dance performances, right?"
"Hmm, you can rely on me."
Clad in the Kirin's elemental waffe of the Seraphim Feathers, Linfa thumped her paper-thin chest confidently.
"Making use of the stronghold's leylines to obtain blessings is completely effortless."
"I will be in charge of guarding Linfa-sama. Kamito, you focus on destroying these things."
Using the Divine Tiger Fangs, Shao instantly swept away the demon spirits at the shrine entrance.
"...I understand. Then I'll leave this place to Kamito and the rest here. Let's go!"
Claire took swift action as soon as their decision was made. Nodding briefly in acknowledgement, she rushed towards the shrine entrance together with Ellis and Rinslet.
"I'm relying on you girls to rescue Fianna!"
"Yes, we will definitely bring her back!"
Kamito watched as the three disappeared into the depths of the shrine--
For just an instant, Kamito relaxed his shoulder completely.
"Very well, with that, I can now use her sword techniques without any reservation--"
Licking his parched lips, Kamito grinned fearlessly.
"...Come, third rate flunkies. I will take care of you all no matter how many of you there are."
In the next instant, several hundred demon spirits rushed towards Kamito all at once.
"--Evil winds, go and rampage!"
"Turn into charcoal, Fireball!"
Using blades of wind released like raging waves, the swarm of demon spirits in the passage were swept clean all at once. Riding on that tornado, scorching flames of conflagration burned intensely.
Although there were still many demon spirits inside the shrine, they numbered far fewer than those outside. Exterminating the demon spirits who kept popping up like bubbles, Claire and her group continued to advance along the passageway.
"Will Kamito be fine?"
"Don't worry about that guy."
As Ellis voiced her concern, Claire shook her head.
(...That's right, that guy will never lose.)
The instant Kamito's face surfaced in her mind, Claire inexplicably found her cheeks getting boiling hot as if being burned by a fire.
Lubdub -- the beating in her chest intensified as well.
(...N-No, th-this isn't anything like that!)
Claire shook her head as if trying to deny the notion.
(D-Damn it, it's all Fianna's fault for saying something weird...)
"Claire, what's the matter?"
"N-Nothing of any importance!"
Claire brandished Flametongue and sent the demon spirits before them flying.
As the sound of their footsteps rebounded off the hard surface of the ground, the trio continued to run along the long passage that seemed to stretch to who knows where.
"...I never knew these ruins were so vast."
Would they be able to find Fianna amidst such vast premises?
Just as Claire began to worry--
Suddenly, the passage opened up to reveal a large spacious hall.
"Be careful. This could very well be a trap."
With a wave of the hand, Claire produced illumination using spirit magic.
Suddenly, a collapsed figure appeared at the depths of the great hall.
"Who is that!?"
Claire readied Flametongue with wariness, then--
"Wait... It's me!"
"...Fianna!?"
Sprawled on the ground was Fianna whose uniform was all cut and tattered.
"W-What happened to you!?"
"Are you injured?"
The trio swiftly rushed over.
Fianna lowered her gaze as if very apologetic.
"Yeah, I was able to find an opportunity to escape, but my foot--"
She displayed an expression of pain. It seemed like she had sprained one foot.
"Are you able to stand?"
"...Uh, yeah."
As Fianna reached out, Claire was just about to hold her hand when--
Suddenly, she was struck with a sense of dissonance.
(--This is wrong!)
Swiftly she withdrew her hand and leaped backwards.
In that instant, a sharp shortsword narrowly missed the top of her head by millimeters.
"...You, you're not Fianna!"
"Fufu, as befits the younger sister of the Calamity Queen, your senses are quite sharp."
As soon as the sentence was finished, Fianna's image began to quiver like a mirage--
A beautiful girl dressed in a highly exposing outfit appeared.
"...Sjora Kahn!"
Yelling out shrilly, Claire struck out with Flametongue.
Intensely burning crimson flames attacked the witch--
"Ara, what an impatient little lady. Come forth -- demon spirit Baldanders!"
"...!?"
From Sjora's shadow, out crept a thin and faceless humanoid.
The humanoid spread its arms to protect its contractor--
Immediately, it was unceremoniously sent flying by Flametongue.
"...Eh?"
Claire paused with disappointment, for she originally expected her attack to be blocked, .
Striking the wall of rock, the humanoid lay tilted and powerless like a puppet. Scorched by the crimson flames, its outer skin that resembled black metal was melting. It struggled desperately, trying to escape from the fire, but--
"Freezing fangs of ice, go forth and pierce -- Freezing Arrow!"
Numerous freezing arrows rained down from above, shattering its arm.
(...This thing is the Demon Caster's contracted spirit?)
--Regardless, it was way too weak.
(This seems rather suspicious instead...)
"You think you can defeat us alone?"
"Fufu, the true value of Baldanders lies not in brute force but in its other abilities--"
While dodging Rinslet's arrows of ice, the witch recited words for a contracted spirit's releasing.
"--Thou, weakest of the weak and strongest of the strong, heed my command and hereby take form!"
"...I won't let you succeed!"
With a flying leap, Ellis made a thrust using Ray Hawk but ended up being a step late.
A pure white mask appeared in the witch's hand.
"Elemental waffe -- Proteus Masques."
In the blink of an eye, Sjora's red lips twisted as the image of her figure distorted like a mirage.
Then--
"...!?"
Claire, Rinslet and Ellis gasped at the same time.
Over there was--
With gorgeous black hair and mysterious jet black eyes -- a beautiful girl.
She was dressed in an exotic foreign outfit that had a relatively long lower hem and resembled ritual attire.
In her left hand, she wielded a demon sword of darkness that emanated an aura of disaster.
"How on earth..."
The winner of the Blade Dance festival three years earlier.
--The Strongest Blade Dancer, Ren Ashbell, was now standing present.
"Ohhhhhhhhhhhhh!"
The Demon Slayer traced out an arc wiping out swarms of demon spirits.
Faced with the onslaught of the abnormally shaped beings, Kamito chopped, slashed and sliced nonstop.
"...Th-That guy, is he really human?"
Watching the blade dance that seemed like it was performed by a fierce god, Linfa's eyes widened as she carried out her ritual dancing.
Ten-odd minutes had passed since the blade dance began -- Terminus Est's light remained bright without waning.
The magic circle drawn on the ground was providing Kamito with power continuously through the leylines.
"--That said, given such numbers, it's still quite tiring."
Kamito smiled wryly as he chopped down several demon spirits.
Although he had already defeated hundreds of these demon spirits, the swarm showed no signs of reducing in size.
(I really don't know if my stamina can last until Claire and the girls return...)
At this moment, sensing the presence of an enemy attacking from behind, Kamito turned around and slashed--
However, the slash simply cut through empty space.
"What!?"
In that instant, jet black lightning had been released, reducing the demon spirit to charcoal.
(Did Shao cover me? No, the spirit magic just now was--)
Suddenly, a jet black feather floated down before the tip of Kamito's nose.
"You seem to have your hands full, Kamito. Would you like my assistance?"
The lovely voice reaching his ears stirred him from his very core.
Black hair fluttered in the wind, seeming as if woven from the very night itself.
Twirling the dress of darkness, touching down lightly on the ground was the black-winged angel.
"Restia..."
"Good evening, Kamito."
Seeing Kamito rendered speechless, the darkness spirit girl smiled with a chuckle.
"Finally, my power has recovered to the point where it allows me to assume this appearance. Although I'm far from peak condition, I do have more than enough strength to play with some low level spirits."
"...You really intend to help?"
"Yes. These kinds of fodder won't help your awakening no matter how many you defeat. Let me take this opportunity to play for a bit."
Restia released jet black lightning from her fingertips, turning multiple demon spirits into charcoal.
"You're not going to transform into my sword?"
Kamito joked to his past partner--
"Ara, my jealousy runs deep, you know? Please first rescind your contract with that sacred sword, then we'll talk."
"--Sorry, that really cannot be helped."
"...Fool."
Restia pouted as if sulking and glared at the demon spirits before her, taking out her wrath upon them.
"O black blade of darkness, capable of crushing the scales of dragons, annihilate mine enemies -- Arc Blast."
Instantly, numerous flashes of lightning descended from the sky, wiping out all the demon spirits in the area.
"Y-You, still merciless as ever..."
As Kamito's faced twitched, Restia turned around to face him again.
"Hey, you must be listening, right? --Miss Legendary Sacred Sword?"
Restia spoke provocatively.
At this moment, the Demon Slayer in Kamito's hand shone with dazzling light.
It was as if it was acting defiantly in response to Restia.
"Why don't we have a contest? Let's see who can ultimately defeat more enemies, you or I?"
The silver-white sword in Kamito's hand shone with even greater brightness.
--From afar, the faint noise of weapons in action could be heard.
(Kamito-kun and the rest are fighting...)
Chained and restrained, Fianna bit her lip hard.
With the power of the spirit contract sealed away, she was nothing but a weak and powerless girl.
Simply an imprisoned princess waiting to be rescued by her prince.
(I hate this...!)
As she struggled desperately, the metal restraints dug deeper into her wrists.
If she simply shattered her own magic stone, she should be able to spare her teammates from trouble. But with her wrists restrained currently, she could not even do that.
(No, but even if I can return to their side, I am still--)
Perhaps she would end up burdening them instead of helping. Such worries seethed in her mind.
At this moment, suddenly -- the rigid impact of boots resounded within the cave.
"...Who is it?"
Fianna asked towards the darkness.
It could not be Sjora. The witch should still be busy intercepting Kamito and the rest.
Suddenly, a small flame was lit in the darkness.
Illuminated by that flickering light was a scarlet mask.
"...Ren Ashbell!?"
Fianna stared with wide-eyed amazement as the masked girl approached silently.
"What do you intend--"
"Don't move. Unless you want your wrists to become charcoal."
Whispering softly, she then touched the handcuffs with her fiery hand.
The shackles which sealed away the power of spirit contracts easily melted and fell to the ground.
"Why... do this...?"
"You are a key part of my plan. I cannot let the witch have you."
Leaving those words behind, the masked girl prepared to turn around and leave.
However.
"Wait... Hold on and wait, Ren Ashbell!"
Stumbling around, Fianna grabbed her hand desperately.
--I can't let her leave just like that.
It was imperative to ask what she intended to do to Kamito.
Fianna stared at the scarlet mask whose gaze bore down coldly upon her.
"Sjora Kahn said that Kamito-kun is the Demon King's successor and that Claire and I are the Darkness Queen candidates?"
"..."
"What are your intentions for Kamito-kun?"
"The witch spoke too much huh--"
A whisper of annoyance escaped from the dark side of the mask.
"Don't screw around... Kamito-kun is not a tool for you people to use!"
"Kazehaya Kamito is my trump card. --For the impending war."
"What on earth...?"
"You are currently unqualified to be privy to the matter. Lost Queen."
In the next instant, Fianna found herself suspended in midair.
Still grabbing onto Ren Ashbell's arm, Fianna was thrown onto the hard stone surface of the ground.
"...Guh, ah...!"
Intense pain erupted as if all her bones had shattered. Nevertheless, Fianna still did not let go of her arm.
"Hoh?"
"...I won't let you leave... Until you explain fully about Kamito-kun!"
Her voice trembled. Fianna could feel her heart beating intensely from the frighteningly oppressive presence emanating from Ren Ashbell.
Even so, she still resolved to never let go of that arm no matter what.
"You haven't changed at all from back then."
"...Eh?"
Ren Ashbell's voice changed.
--No longer completely indifferent, slight annoyance had crept into her voice.
"Nonsensical words from the powerless only serve to disgust others."
Pulled by the arm's frightening strength, Fianna was slammed hard against the ground repeatedly.
However, despite her fading consciousness, Fianna still did not let go.
"I understand... In the past, you also failed to protect certain things."
"...What?"
"Unable to protect something precious, you fell into despair!"
Fianna screamed as she panted.
--Four years ago. That particular day when the great shrine of the Fire Elemental Lord had been plunged into flames of conflagration.
Fianna had been powerless to stop that particular person she revered and held dear.
Struck down with mental trauma from the fear, Fianna even became disqualified from being an elementalist.
"Indeed. Powerless one, you were unable to protect anything--!"
Intensely burning flames erupted from Ren Ashbell's arm.
The surging wave of hot wind blew Fianna away forcibly, sending her flying into a wall of rock.
"Yah... Ah...!"
"--Back then, I must have warned you. Do not appear before me ever again."
"What...?"
Barely hanging onto her consciousness, Fianna suddenly realized.
The scene from that particular day was vividly replayed in her mind.
'Fianna Ray Ordesia -- Do not appear before me ever again.'
Fianna also remembered how the traitorous Queen had made her declaration amidst burning flames of conflagration.
"Impossible... You! Could you actually be her!?"
"--Just like four years ago. You cannot stop me."
From the inner side of the crimson mask, blazing eyes akin to burning flames stared right through Fianna.
These were ruby-red eyes identical to those of Claire Rouge.
Then this girl's true identity must be--
"...I am finding more and more reasons I can't let you leave."
Fianna stood up with staggering steps.
"Claire... She came here precisely for the sake of meeting you!"
"..."
Silence. However--
Even though it was impossible to see her expression behind the mask, Fianna could still notice her overwhelming imposing presence waver.
Pressing down on the throbbing pain of her arm, Fianna stepped forward, one step at a time.
"I am no longer the same as four years ago. Because--"
I now have comrades fighting courageously alongside me. I now have reasons I cannot back down no matter what.
If I retreat now, I will probably return to being that Lost Queen, most likely.
"I have no wish to repeat my regrets from back then."
Fianna sternly stood before Ren Ashbell.
"Nonsensical. Well then, I shall make you remember again. The flames that brought you to despair on that day."
The wind quivered, bringing a wave of heat. Rumbling and swirling flames were generated in her hand.
This was Claire's specialty of flame type spirit magic -- Fireball.
However, its size and temperature completely dwarfed Claire's level.
"...!?"
Fianna's entire body broke out in cold sweat.
Her legs became immobile. However, she could not retreat. Absolutely unacceptable.
"Regret your powerlessness, Lost Queen!"
Crimson flames with the ability to incinerate everything were released.
Fianna closed her eyes as she recalled the image of that girl in her mind.
--Three years ago, the image of the Strongest Blade Dancer who gave her courage when she had lost everything.
These flames could not be blocked using defensive magic. Even a knight spirit's armor would probably melt in their heat.
Even so, she had no choice left but to try her luck -- Let's take a gamble.
"Thou shalt be my sword, thou shalt be my shield, with unlimited towering light, purify and exorcise those belonging to darkness--!"
As if trying to block the incoming flames, Fianna stretched out her arms and recited the words for summoning.
Amidst the darkness enshrouding the great hall, a flash of light beyond comparison burst forth.
The exploding barrier of light scattered the flames and momentarily pushed back Ren Ashbell's body.
"Success, finally...?"
Unbelievable -- With such an expression, Fianna panted as she whispered.
Gripped in her hands was a beautiful rapier that gave off dazzling light.
Fianna had already made substantial progress in training her elemental waffe's release.
The incident four years ago was what caused her to become the Lost Queen.
In the depths of her heart, it was a traumatic scar that seemed as if it had been smoked by scorching flames.
Now, having completely resolved herself, Fianna was finally able to unleash the true power of her contracted spirit.
"As a princess maiden of the Divine Ritual Institute, you have manifested your elemental waffe huh--"
Ren Ashbell's voice was filled with amazement and admiration.
"--I see. I shall take back what I just said... Guh!?"
Suddenly, she collapsed on her knees as she pressed one hand against her heart.
"...Eh?"
"...Time's up, I see. This contemptible body."
Panting painfully, she stood up and made her way towards the depths of the darkness--
"W-Wait up!"
Fianna instantly tried to pursue but was blocked by the intense flames burning before her.
She only halted her steps for but an instant. --Nevertheless, as soon as the flames vanished, Ren Ashbell's figure was gone.
"...My senior. Why do you..."
Just as Fianna stood there in shock, murmuring.
She could hear acute noises of battle coming from afar.

Ren Ashbell -- The Strongest Blade Dancer.
Idolizing Ren Ashbell's blade dance, Claire had resolved herself to become a powerful elementalist.
Because Ren Ashbell was her goal, Claire never gave up no matter what hardship she faced.
She was the one whom Claire had idolized all along.
Claire had always dreamed if there was one day they could perform a blade dance together.
"--How utterly tasteless, Sjora Kahn."
Claire glared sharply at the enemy who had appeared before them--
The witch who imitated the Strongest Blade Dancer's appearance.
"Do you really think our attacks will hesitate simply because of that appearance?"
Gorgeous long hair the color of the dark night. Eyes where mysterious darkness resided.
A lovely face that seemed dignified as steel yet graceful as a flower.
The girl before her eyes was without a doubt identical in appearance to the blade dancer she had always admired.
However, Claire noticed a significant difference between this fake and the true person.
Namely, the twisted expression of mockery.
(...The Ren Ashbell I admire will never display that kind of expression!)
Claire gripped Flametongue hard in her hand.
Likewise, Ellis and Rinslet did not falter either.
Instead, Ellis became increasingly enraged.
"Unforgivable... How dare you defile the admiration my esteemed foster sister and I held for her!"
Ray Hawk's spear tip produced a powerful storm.
Indeed, trying to cause faltering through imitation was meaningless.
No matter what sort of magic was used, Ren Ashbell's noble airs could not be replicated.
"Fufu, how unfortunate, but this imitation is not limited to appearances, little hell cat. Did you really think Baldanders's powers are limited to mere transformation magic?"
In the guise of Ren Ashbell, the witch jeered as her bright red lips twisted.
"My elemental waffe, the Proteus Masques, has the ability to replicate the target's powers. Whether the contracted spirit or the combat skills remembered by the body, everything."
"...Th-That sort of thing, can't possibly--"
"Fufu, ignorant fools--!"
Sjora Kahn casually swung the demon sword of darkness -- the Vorpal Sword.
Within the blink of an eye, jet black lightning burst forth from the tip of the blade and smashed the rock surface of the floor.
"...That skill is!?"
Vorpal Blast -- Ren Ashbell's prided demon sword technique that numerous elementalists feared during the Blade Dance three years ago.
"Could it be, really..."
"She can use Ren Ashbell's abilities!?"
Ellis and Rinslet expressed shock one after another.
"Very well, let's begin to blade dance, little hell cat♪"
Mimicking the appearance of the strongest blade dancer, Sjora licked the demon sword of darkness.
"She's coming--!"
The instant Claire warned, the witch's figure disappeared from sight.
(...So fast!?)
Unable to hear a sound or feel any presence from her, Claire felt like she was moving like a shadow.
Those movements were completely the same as those from three years ago.
"Take this!"
Claire swung Flametongue with maximum power. The scorching flames of conflagration surged forth as if about to devour the stony ground.
Amidst the intensely burning flame, the witch's figure vanished.
However, it was nothing to be feared.
(If I can't capture her movements, I'll just simply burn large areas--)
Using the reaction force from striking the floor with her whip, Claire swiftly leaped backwards.
This should be able to buy some time. If Sjora Kahn really replicated Ren Ashbell's sword skills, she could not be allowed to get into range for close combat.
However, Claire's plan was instantly foiled.
(--How could this be possible!?)
Sjora was not caught inside the flames.
As though she were Claire's shadow, she stayed low and followed closely while Claire jumped.
"Freezing fangs of ice, go forth and pierce -- Freezing Arrow!"
Rinslet shot out arrows which followed a parabolic trajectory, but ended up striking empty ground.
Too slow. Even Rinslet's vision as a sniper was insufficient to capture Sjora's movements.
The instant Claire landed on her feet, Sjora laughed as she lurked in the shadows--
"...Damn you. Fireball!"
"Aha, silly little hell cat♪"
The demon sword of darkness sliced through Claire's chest.
"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!"
As the intense pain filled her body, Claire could not help but scream.
Despite the fact that damage caused by elemental waffen that had yet to be materialized was normally converted into psychological damage, the witch seemed quite dead set on turning physical damage to the body into pure sensations of pain.
"What a nice scream, it makes me tremble with excitement."
Bearing the face of the strongest blade dancer, Sjora's eyes displayed a taste for sadism.
"You bastard, to dare do that to Claire -- Evil winds, go and rampage!"
Ellis swung Ray Hawk and released blades of wind. However--
"Useless. That type of technique is completely ineffective against Ren Ashbell--"
Running across the rocky walls to evade the wind blades, she engaged Ellis in close combat within the blink of an eye.
This was the final form of high level three-dimensional movement -- Shadow Stitching. A type of physical technique used by assassins.
Accustomed to proper knightly sword skills, Ellis was unable to capture such movements with their myriad variations.
Rushing through an opening in Ray Hawk's movements, Sjora pierced Ellis' chest along with her armor with a flash of the sword.
"...Argghhh!"
"Ara ara, such a dismal performance? The elite of the Ordesia Empire, hmph."
She slashed again at Ellis who was standing unsteadily due to the pain.
"Keeper of the burning furnace, release your wrath -- Flame Chain!"
Struggling to her feet, Claire unleashed Flametongue in a spiral movement.
However--
"Such lukewarm flames. Are you sure you're that Calamity Queen's younger sister?"
Sjora shrugged and readied the Vorpal Sword in a stance.
"Absolute Blade Arts, Fourth Form -- Blaze Slash!"
The demon sword swept out as if collecting the swirling flames.
"Scarlet's fire is being absorbed!?"
Expanding in size several fold, the flaming blade swung down upon Claire and the rest.
"Yaaaaaaah!"
Claire was blown away, striking the wall of the cave.
Ellis and Rinslet were successively devoured by the massive vortex of fire that covered the entire great hall.
Claire had a flame spirit's protection, but Ellis and Rinslet on the other hand--
The two girls' bodies lay collapsed where the vortex of flame died out.
"Ah... Guh..."
Although their Academy uniforms were torn and tattered, they still managed to barely stay conscious.
Slowly, Sjora approached the two.
"...You, this...!"
Claire desperately tried to swing Flametongue but due to the concussion from striking the cave walls earlier, she could not move her fingers.
"What fools. How could you even think you could win against the Strongest Blade Dancer?"
Sjora twisted her lips with a cruel expression--
"Don't--"
The Vorpal Sword stabbed into Ellis' back as she lay collapsed on the ground.
"Guh, ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!"
Intense pain filled Ellis' entire body. Her inarticulate screams filled the entire hall.
"Ahaha, how does it feel? To be vanquished by the one you idolize!"
"S-Stop it, Ellis can no longer fight!"
"Fufu, rest assured, I will not take her life. However--"
The witch chuckled as she displayed an innocent girl's smile.
"This Blade Dance event does not prohibit the act of destroying an elementalist's mind."
Withdrawing the demon sword from Ellis' body, she then switched to stepping on Rinslet's head.
"So, this little lady here, what kind scream are you going to make?"
"YOOOOOOOOOUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU!"
Instantly, crimson flames erupted from Claire's palms.
"Flames are useless against me... What!?"
Holding up the demon sword, Sjora's eyes appeared to waver.
She instinctively realized that these flames were significantly different from the ones earlier.
"Impossible, such fire, identical to that woman's--"
Sjora's trembling voice was engulfed and devoured by the crimson flames.
"Absolute Blade Arts, Third Form--Shadowmoon Waltz!"
With a flash of Terminus Est's blade, Kamito charged into the swarm of grotesque beings.
Tearing through dozens of enemies instantly, he wiped out yet another group in the blink of an eye. After the slashing attacks passed like a storm, nothing remained but the lingering light from the destroyed demon spirits.
Meanwhile, as if acting out of competition--
"Black thunder that incinerates even souls to nothingness -- Hell Blast!"
The darkness spirit released jet black lightning, instantly neutralizing an equal number of demon spirits.
"How competent, as expected of the Demon Slayer -- however, it does seem like I am slightly ahead in my kill count."
The darkness spirit girl was smiling nonchalantly.
Held in Kamito's hand, Terminus Est flickered in brightness as if expressing its rage.
"...How I really miss this, performing a blade dance together with Restia."
"Yes, somehow I involuntarily participated in such childish behavior."
Just as they joked around--
The former Strongest Blade Dancer and partner duo stood back to back.
In mere minutes, the swarm of demon spirits which originally covered the sky was almost completely wiped out.
"Very well, my assistance ends here."
"Restia?"
Turning around, Kamito found the darkness spirit girl displaying a dream-like smile.
"I merely did this on a whim. --After all, I am your enemy."
Spreading her beautiful black wings, she prepared to take flight into the night sky.
"...Restia, I still--"
There was still plenty that he wanted to tell her and ask her about.
Three years ago, she had entrusted Kamito with that Wish.
Wanting to assassinate the Elemental Lords, what on earth was that about?
Also, that Wish's continuation was--
However, his hand reaching towards the sky was easily evaded.
"...!?"
In that instant, Kamito opened his eyes wide.
As lovely as rosebuds, Restia's adorable lips--
Gently brushed against his cheek.
"W-What are y-you doing--"
"I'll be waiting for you at the finals, Kamito."
Restia quietly withdrew her lips and smiled with a trace of melancholy--
Then with a scattering of floating black feathers, she disappeared in the air.
"Restia..."
Kamito stared blankly into space for a very long time until...
"...Ouch!"
A sharp pain suddenly came from his right arm.
"...E-Est!?"
Having returned to her form as a girl without him noticing, Est expressionlessly pinched Kamito's arm.
"..."
"W-What's the matter?"
...It was quite rare for this sword spirit to be acting in such a manner.
"Maybe, you're actually angry?"
"No, master. I am not angry."
"You're addressing me so formally now!?"
...Somehow it felt like she was greatly upset.
Despite the fact that nothing could be read from her expression, she really did seem to be angry. No question about it.
"Kamito, your contracted spirit is me, right?"
"Ah yeah... I-I don't quite understand, but anyway, I'm sorry."
As Kamito caressed her head gently, Est partially closed her eyes in great enjoyment.
"Fuah... Kamito, you're so sly."
"Kamito, what on earth are you doing? There are still enemies around."
Coming over, Shao was taken aback by the sight and remarked.
"By the way, who was that girl in the black dress? Is she -- a spirit?"
"She's my other partner."
Answering succinctly, Kamito turned his gaze towards the shrine.
Claire and the girls were not back yet.
"...Their numbers have almost completely diminished. Can I leave things here to you two?"
"Yes. At this level, we will surely manage."
"As befits the ace of the Four Gods. Thanks!"
Kamito bumped fists with her.
"I-I am present too. Do not ignore me!"
"Yeah yeah, I got it. I got it."
Tapping the furious imperial princess on the head, Kamito took Est by the hand.
"...I'm sorry, Est. Let's try our best for a little while longer?"
"Yes, Kamito. --I am your sword, your wish is my command."
"Huff, huff, huff..."
Panting, Claire pushed with her shoulders to lift her body.
Before her, crimson flames roared as they swirled.
Flames that incinerated other flames -- these were the same ones she had released against Ren Ashbell back in the forest last time.
Even Claire did not understand how she did it.
Just like that time.
The instant Sjora stepped on Rinslet's head, Claire felt something snap in her mind.
She did not even have any recollection of chanting spirit magic -- the flames had been released involuntarily without conscious intent.
(To think that I actually had this kind of power...)
--Was this the blood inherited from the Elstein family who ruled over flames?
"...Did we win?"
Just as Claire's heavy breathing gradually calmed down and she prepared to stand up, in that very instant.
"...Owww!?"
From the flames came an attack of dark lightning, blowing Claire away.
Stepping upon the intensely burning flames, the witch stood up, still in the guise of the Strongest Blade Dancer.
Apparently she had evaded a direct hit.
(...Is everything hopeless now?)
Collapsed on the ground, Claire moved her fingers slightly.
She did not even have the strength left to stand up. Her divine power for using her contracted spirit was also completely depleted.
"Foolish little hell cat, I really hate resistance--"
Ren Ashbell's face showed a sadistic smile.
"I must make you suffer completely. After all, there's plenty of time here."
"...Guh...!"
Claire clenched her trembling fingertips.
...Such chagrin. She could not accept this.
Claire could not accept how weak she was, unable to defeat even a fake like this witch.
She felt as though her admiration and precious memories from that day had all been trampled.
(I know very well, the blade dance of the true Strongest Blade Dancer, Ren Ashbell--)
The scene she had witnessed three years ago.
To this day, it remained vividly carved in her memories.
(The true Ren Ashbell's blade dance is not something like this--)
Faster, stronger, more magnificent -- A blade dance that inspired courage in others.
Her facial profile showed such dignified beauty.
For some reason, the face in her memories began to superimpose with that of a certain youth familiar to Claire.
(Kamito...)
Footsteps could be heard approaching.
Claire's vision dimmed progressively as her consciousness faded.
She did not want to lose. Most absolutely, definitively, she did not want to lose--
The jet black blade of the demon sword flashed above her head.
In that instant--
"--Take your hand away from my comrades, Sjora Kahn!"
With an explosion of dazzling light, the hall was filled with pure white radiance.
"...Wha... Hmm...!?"
Blinded, Sjora covered her eyes.
(...This dazzling brightness comes from a spirit of light!?)
Crink -- Tumbling before Claire was a tiny fragment of spirit crystal.
(The one who uses these kinds of items is...)
Rubbing her eyes, Claire looked up.
Opening the door at the depths of the hall and appearing was--
"...Fianna!"
The princess glared at Sjora with her dusk-colored eyes.
Standing leisurely with arms akimbo, the imperial princess' dignified airs were grandly displayed.
"Lost Queen, how did you escape from those shackles!?"
Ignoring Sjora who had recovered her vision, Fianna rushed over to Claire's side.
"Sorry, Claire, I--"
"Oh, there's no need to apologize. Teammates are supposed to help one another."
Claire averted eye contact as if a bit embarrassed.
Fianna clenched her fists tightly before her chest--
"...Thank you."
Softly, she murmured.
"Fools. Even if the fodder increases by one, it won't make any difference."
Sjora's mocking laugh resounded in the great hall.
"Guh..."
...Lamentably, Sjora's words could not be refuted.
Ellis and Rinslet were still unconscious.
Although Fianna's Georgios was a powerful spirit, it could only be used in coordination with the team. They currently lacked a power to singlehandedly overcome the unfavorable battle situation.
However.
"--Not necessarily."
Fianna stood up quietly.
"Thou, servant of the king of the child of man, knight and master swordsman—"
Immediately, she began to chant the releasing incantation for summoning her knight spirit.
"Thou shalt be my sword, thou shalt be my shield, with unlimited towering light, purify and exorcise those belonging to darkness--"
(...!?)
Claire forcefully looked up.
(No wait, this isn't a summoning... Could it be...!)
Centered around Fianna's right hand, strong gales began to swirl around.
On her head of dense black hair, a tiara manifested, shining with dazzling silver-white light.
Radiating glittering brilliance, a splendorous veil covered Fianna's entire body, giving off clear pure light.
Then--
"--Its appellation reads thus, Save the Queen!"
Appearing in Fianna's right hand was--
An intricate and finely crafted rapier.
Rather than a knight's sword for combat, this was a ceremonial sword for performing ritual offerings.
"Elemental waffe..."
Claire stared with her ruby red eyes wide open.
"Claire, this is the form given to my thoughts and feelings."
Fianna turned around and smiled proudly.
"B-But, you using a sword..."
"Yes, indeed, I do not know how to wield a sword in combat."
Fianna nodded.
"This sword is used in this manner!"
The shining blade of the rapier was stabbed into the ground.
Instantly, light radiated from the tip of the rapier, tracing out a circular design akin to a magic circle.
"...This is?"
"The area within the circle is my Territory. An absolutely impregnable castle, you see."
"...Hmph, and I thought it was going to be something special. How ridiculous."
Sjora Kahn jeered.
"Even if you can finally release your elemental waffe, do you really think you are able to defeat this Strongest Blade Dancer?"
With a swing of the Vorpal Sword, a Vorpal Blast instantly shot towards Fianna.
"Fianna, dodge!"
However.
The jet black lightning was blocked by the defensive barrier of light as soon as it made contact with the Territory.
"...Wha!?"
The Strongest Blade Dancer's beautiful face was twisted with astonishment.
The Territory of light proceeded to expand, covering Ellis and Rinslet where they lay collapsed.
"...Y-Your Highness the imperial princess?"
"What on earth is this? What is going on...?"
Bathed in the gentle sacred light, the two girls awakened.
This light that filled the interior of the circle seemed to carry a holy attribute and healing effect.
Claire once again felt divine power coursing through her body.
When she summoned Scarlet, out appeared a hell cat enveloped in burning flames of conflagration that reached the ceiling.
"Amazing... This is Fianna's elemental waffe!"
Faced with Claire's exclamations of admiration, Fianna shook her head wryly.
"Unfortunately, this can't be maintained for long. So, you must take this opportunity now--"
"Understood -- Flametongue!"
Claire released Scarlet as her elemental waffe.
"W-We will also..."
"We can still fight!"
Ellis and Rinslet stood up and successively readied their respective elemental waffen.
"Ellis, you and I will act as the vanguard while Rinslet will provide cover support."
"Yes." "Fully understood!"
Nodding briefly in acknowledgement, the trio sprang into action at the same time.
"Freezing fangs of ice, go forth and pierce -- Freezing Arrow!"
Rinslet released an uncountable amount of arrows that were enough to cover the entire hall.
"Aha, you still don't realize this is futile?"
Sjora kicked a rock face and leaped, intending to sweep the arrows away with the demon sword of darkness.
"Too naive -- Blossoming without waiting for winter, Ice Break!"
In that instant, all the arrows shattered and scattered in front of Sjora.
"...A mere trick!"
The demon sword of darkness was frozen by the absolute zero temperature of the magical ice.
Taking advantage of the momentary delay in Sjora's movements--
"We're up, Ellis!"
Ellis and Claire instantly closed in.
Enveloped in wind at the same time, their movement speed was multiplied several fold.
"Absolute Blade Arts, Third Form--Shadowmoon Waltz!"
Sjora leaped and swiftly rebounded off a rock face, raising the demon sword to slash at her two prey--
However.
"--Sorry, but I've already seen through that move already."
Claire struck her whip against the ground and used the resultant reaction force to jump backwards, evading the slash by the slimmest of margins. Missing its first attack, the sword's blade bounced off the stony ground. Seizing this opportunity, Ellis also retreated out of its attack range.
"What!?"
"After all, your swordsmanship--"
"I-Impossible. How could the Strongest Blade Dancer's swordsmanship be seen through so easily!?"
Sjora once again used the demon sword to perform Absolute Blade Arts, however--
"--I know that motion very well!"
Similarly, Ellis predicted the sword's trajectory and evaded the slash.
"Guh... W-Why...!?"
Unmistakable signs of wavering appeared all over Sjora's face.
"Indeed, your swordsmanship is identical to the Strongest Blade Dancer's. However--"
Claire infused Flametongue with maximum divine power.
Likewise, Ellis gathered a tempest at the spear tip of Ray Hawk.
"Your sword is far inferior to the sword of the one we admire!"
Indeed. Sjora's swordsmanship faithfully replicated that of the Strongest Blade Dancer.
Hence, it could be read and predicted.
For these two girls, Claire and Ellis, had always kept her blade dance firmly in memory.
Furthermore, Sjora's sword emulated Ren Ashbell's swordsmanship merely through the power of Baldanders.
Whether in speed or power, the true Ren Ashbell was far superior.
As soon as they realized this fact--
"Handling you is a simple matter!"
"Y-You bitches -- BE GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOONE!"
Abandoning the elegance of royalty, Sjora released a full-powered Vorpal Blast.
"...!?"
Her target was not Claire and Ellis in front but Fianna behind them.
By this point in time, Save the Queen's effects had ended.
Just as the attack was about to strike Fianna -- in that very instant, a figure rushed in front of her.
"Kamito!?" "Kamito-kun!" "Kamito--!" "Kamito-san!"
Claire, Fianna, Ellis and Rinslet -- Everyone yelled out that name all at once.
Wielding the Demon Slayer, Kamito neutralized the jet black lightning attack with one hand.
"Hey there, Miss Imposter. Looks like you've been bullying these highborn ladies here."
Kamito's entire body emanated overwhelming wrath.
"Yah!"
This caused Sjora to involuntarily release a convulsive scream.
"You really must be paid back properly--"
His icy cold gaze focused firmly on Sjora.
"Let me demonstrate to you the swordsmanship of the Strongest Blade Dancer!"
Kamito took a great flying leap forward.
"...M-My Baldanders is the strongest spirit, I'm not going to lose to you!"
The witch in the guise of the Strongest Blade Dancer versus Kamito who wielded the Demon Slayer --
Began to clash in midair.
"Absolute Blade Arts, Destructive Form -- Bursting Blossom Spiral Blade Dance - Four Consecutive Strikes!"
The witch unleashed the strongest anti-spirit sword technique against Kamito.
At the same time--
"Absolute Blade Arts, Destructive Form -- Bursting Blossom Spiral Blade Dance - Fifteen Consecutive Strikes!"
The true authentic Strongest Blade Dancer performed a raging tidal wave of slashes, exploding all over Sjora Kahn's body.
The long night of pandemonium finally gave way to dawn.
At sunrise, Kamito and his group returned victoriously, having rescued Fianna. After splitting the eight magic stones taken from Sjora equally with the Four Gods, they cancelled their alliance.
"We have not given up on the match. After all, there's still one day remaining."
Shao of the White Tiger smiled cheerfully as she made preparations at the forest entrance.
"Prepare yourself for defeat, Kazehaya Kamito!"
"Yes, I pray there will be a next time for me to blade dance with you again, Shao."
"Ooh--, stop ignoring me!"
Smiling wryly as he watched Linfa's tearful wrath, Kamito and his team saw the two girls off.
"...Even though a lot happened, they're actually not bad people at all."
"Yes. Although we are opponents here, as soon as the Tempest ends and we return to Ragna Ys, let's try inviting them for tea then."
"Yeah, good idea, after all, we came to know them after going through so much together. Let's also invite Milla and Leonora as well."
"Y-You, are you really that intent on establishing intimate ties with girls from other countries?"
"Kamito-san truly has no scruples!"
Hearing Kamito's suggestion, Ellis and Rinslet pouted with dissatisfaction and objected.
"Kamito is such a perv. He had a kiss with that darkness spirit again."
"W-What!?"
Claire and the girls glared coldly at Kamito.
"E-Est!?"
"Kamito is such a perv."
...She even said it twice. Looks like Est was really miffed.
"Oh well, let's put that aside for now..."
Claire suddenly displayed a serious expression.
"--We have finally reached the last day of the Tempest event."
The only teams advancing to the finals were the top four in magic stones. Currently, Team Scarlet was in possession of a total of fourteen magic stones.
"Victory depends on our spoils on this final day."
"No problem. After all, Fianna is now able to use a powerful elemental waffe."
"We're looking forward to your performance, Fianna."
"Currently, it looks like its weakness is the relatively short active duration. I must find a way to overcome that."
A new member in the ranks of those capable to using elemental waffen, Fianna shrugged and responded.
In any case, this surely opened up more flexible tactics for the future.
"By the way, Kamito..."
Claire stared intently at Kamito's face.
"...Hmm?"
"Yesterday when you defeated Sjora, you said something like the following: 'Let me demonstrate to you the swordsmanship of the Strongest Blade Dancer!' --What did you mean by that?"
"..."
"Kamito?"
"T-That? Umm, I guess it was the wrong choice of words or something..."
Kamito avoided eye contact.
"O-Oh right, if memory serves me correctly, it's my turn to make breakfast!"
Immediately, he fled as quickly as flying.
"Arggggh, hey wait~!"
Kamito could hear the cracking of a whip from behind.
Leaving the forest, just as everyone was about to return to their own tent--
"Hey Claire."
Fianna called to stop Claire.
"What's the matter?"
Claire turned around with a surprised expression.
"About the matter we discussed yesterday in the forest--"
"...!?"
Fianna smiled mischievously while Claire went red in the face.
"Y-You, y-you are referring to what!?"
"I still haven't heard a clear answer from you... Regarding Kamito-kun, how do you feel about him, Claire?"
"Uh, ah... How I feel about him, o-o-f course there's nothing..."
Despite her usual overbearing attitude, Claire was now in an adorable state of panic.
Tempted by a bullying impulse, Fianna asked--
"You love him? Or you hate him?"
"I-I don't hate him, okay... Hey, what is this, why are there only two choices!?"
"Just so you know, I want to smooch with Kamito-kun♪"
"Fuaah, y-you, what are you talking about? You perverted princess, a-are you retarded!?"
Blushing to her ears, Claire ran as if fleeing for dear life.
"...How dishonest."
Alone in the forest, Fianna shrugged involuntarily. Then she clenched her fist tightly before her chest.
(--I should keep that particular incident hidden in my heart for now.)
If Claire were to find out that girl's true identity, she would definitely become unable to fight.
Even if she would inevitably find out the truth one day.
Looking up at the cloudless sky of Astral Zero--
"...Rubia-sama."
Fianna called out her name softly.
--Let me demonstrate to you the swordsmanship of the Strongest Blade Dancer!
Thank you for your patience, I am Shimizu. This time, I bring to everyone Seirei Tsukai no Blade Dance's seventh installment, "The Strongest Blade Dancer" where love and battle developments are advancing rapidly!
Going all out in a full offensive strike, Team Scarlet had defeated the strongest enemy, Nepenthes Lore. However, Kamito's usage of the Strongest Blade Dancer's swordsmanship during the battle began to arouse suspicions in Claire and the girls. "--Are you trying to hide something from us?"
In this situation, for the sake of acquiring the Darkness Queen, the Alphas Theocracy's Demon Caster schemed in secret to manipulate the Quina Empire's powerful Four Gods team who issued what appeared to be a declaration of war to Kamito's team.
Fianna, troubled over her own lack of power. And the leader of Team Inferno who finally revealed her true identity.
In addition, there are the feelings the young maidens invested in the winner of three years ago, the Strongest Blade Dancer --
Continuing from Volume 6, this volume also delivers plenty of combat scenes!
Next, let me announce some major news. Starting in early summer of 2012, Seirei Tsukai no Blade Dance's manga adaptation will start serializing in Monthly Comic Alive! (scatters petals in the air♪)
In charge of illustrating the manga will be Hyoujyu Issei-sensei who did the manga for MM. On the left here is the illustration for the serialization announcement. All the characters are so cute and cool looking here. I'm really looking forward to Hyoujyu-sensei's renderings of the intense battle scenes!
Next we have the usual acknowledgements. First of all, let me express my utmost thanks to Sakura Hanpei-sensei who brought to everyone these beautiful illustrations once again. Ren Ashbell on the cover is truly too adorable. It's making something awaken in my heart like the birth of a mini-universe.
Next I would like to express my sincere thanks to the super editor, Shouji-sama, who remains bravely supportive of my work even if it might flag him as a surveillance target by the state. (*If he starts wearing leopard print clothing, I'm sure he really will be questioned on what his job really is.)
Of course, the greatest thanks of all goes to all the readers who have supported this series.
I am truly thankful for the readers who have returned the survey and offered words of encouragement. Sakura Hanpen-sensei and I are overjoyed. Compared to the past popularity polls, the darkness spirit Restia who appeared in Volume 6 has exploded in popularity. Currently, the two great spirit supporter factions of Est and Restia are battling intensely for the top spot on the popularity ranking. Ladies of the Academy, please try your best!
--Well then, let's meet again in the eighth and next installment, "The Night Before the Finale (Tentative)"!

Shimizu Yuu, April 2012


Welcome to newcomers and welcome back to everyone else, I am Sakura Hanpen!
This time, Kamito finally makes his appearance on the cover!
Even I was completely surprised by the unexpected cover!
I had been worrying about whether I would be able to depict the kind of mood worthy of everyone's admiration.
But actually, this volume is more about the story of Fianna-chan's growth.
The content is really interesting.
Personally, I think the critical member in battle is actually Fianna-chan--
Although I already considered its possibility early on, I never expected the raising of such an avant-garde flag! I'm really looking forward to it... So cool and stylish...
I really want to see the next volume as soon as possible... (Totally became a reader)
Shimizu-sensei... I really want to read the stories about the various characters...
So, with these personal hopes delivered to Shimizu-sensei, this volume reaches its conclusion!
Well then, let's meet again next volume～(´ω｀)ノシ…
Thank you all for reading!
The world was being eroded by the black Wish.
"......tia..... Restia!"
I called out to her, reaching out with my hand, but it would no longer reach her.
I did not want something like the title of being the strongest.
If she stayed by my side and smiled for me, I would have been satisfied.
Even though―Even though I had only wanted to fulfill her wish.
"Kamito, I'm sorry, so....sorry....."
From within the mass of squirming darkness, I heard her voice.
She might have been crying―
The moment I thought that, I dove right into the black Wish without a single bit of hesitation.

―On that day, three years ago.
(What was it exactly, that I had wished for?)

Chirp chirp...
The singing of birds could be heard from the forest. A cold early morning that chilled one to the bones.
Chirp~
A soft sensation could be felt near his cheek--
Kamito woke up with a start.
He was surrounded by darkness. The light streaming into the tent was also rather weak.
Half awake, he was just about to get up from the simple bed--
"...!?"
A pang of intense pain could be felt from his ribs.
"Speaking of which, I'm still wounded..."
Kamito groaned painfully.
It happened last night--during the first night of the Blade Dance festival, he received these injuries when battling Leonora Lancaster, the ace of the Knights of the Dragon Emperor who represented Dracunia.
Even though it was a brief battle lasting only a couple of minutes, Kamito was still cornered to the verge of death by Leonora who had become a berserker through the awakening of Dragon Blood. Using her elemental waffe of the strongest class, the Dragon Slayer, she penetrated his chest deeply.
Kamito was able to make a comeback and defeat Leonora only thanks to the revived sword spirit Est. To this date, the Demon Slayer had already saved him from many desperate crises. Even though she had closed off her heart due to past tragedy, in the end, she still responded to Kamito's summons and returned to the battlefield.
"...Hmm?"
Suddenly, Kamito noticed a sense of dissonance.
Trying to get up from the simple bed, Kamito found his arm--
Being gripped tightly by a small and icy-cold hand.
"E-Est!?"
Kamito was shocked.
Before his eyes was a beautiful girl with silver-white hair, sleeping soundly with light breathing noises.
Her curled up body was wrapped in a blanket. Her sleeping form almost resembled a tiny angel.
However, the problem was--
"...!"
Her manner of attire, which was basically nude... That was the situation.
Other than the black kneesocks that covered her legs, her entire body was bare.
Lustrous silver-white hair. Skin as smooth and white as fresh milk.
From the gaps of the blanket, two mild protrusions were faintly visible.
Her adorable breath brushed against his arm, causing a strange ticklish feeling.
"What should I do now, given this..."
Kamito muttered in a quandary.
Est's hand was currently gripping Kamito's arm tightly. This prevented him from getting up directly.
Seeing her sleeping so soundly, it would be a pity to wake her up on purpose.
Besides... Gazing at Est's peaceful sleeping face, Kamito recalled.
The reason she was like this, was probably because she felt insecure.
Normally she would sleep in the form of a sword in order to reduce the consumption of power, but now she was maintaining the appearance of a young girl. This was the proof.
In order to save Kamito who was being devoured by the Brand of Darkness, Est had sacrificed herself and disappeared from this world. At the time, she recalled the past memories she had forgotten.
She recalled the life of her first contractor -- Sacred Queen Areishia Idriss. Her memories had been stolen by the curse.
Even though Est was currently incomplete, holding only one tenth of her original power, she still inherited the attributes of the demon sword which robbed its owner's life. If he continued to maintain his contract with Est, Kamito would soon meet the same fate as her past contractors.
Nevertheless, Kamito had made a promise with Est.
Whether your curse or your fate as a demon sword, I will accept all of it -- that was what he had said.
(I will win the Blade Dance together with Est --)
Watching Est's peaceful sleeping face, Kamito renewed his resolve.
The winner of the Blade Dance was to be bestowed a miracle by the Elemental Lords.
Through this miraculous power, capable of making any Wish come true, changing Est's fate as a demon sword was not impossible.
"Wish...?"
Kamito felt a pang of pain in his left hand, the one covered by the black leather glove.
Beneath the glove was the spirit seal from his past contracted spirit.
Three years ago, Kamito was known as the Strongest Blade Dancer. In order to realize her Wish, he had emerged as the victor of the Blade Dance.
(At the time -- What kind of wish did I make for her...)
Somehow, almost all of his memories of that day were gone.
What he could recall were merely scraps of images.
The figure of the darkness spirit devoured by a pitch-black Wish.
After that, three years had passed--
She appeared before Kamito once more.
As the subordinate of a different and mysterious Ren Ashbell.
"Kami... to..."
"Hmm?"
Feeling a squirming presence, Kamito looked down at Est.
Only to find her still sleeping with cute breathing noises.
...Apparently she called out Kamito's name from her dreams.
"I am your sword... Your wish is my command..."
Kiss~
"E-Est...!?"
His fingertips felt the soft sensation of her lips.
Just as Kamito frantically tried to withdraw--
"Mmm... Kamito... I... love..."
Kiss~ Kiss~
Est held on to Kamito's arm tightly.
"So..."
What should he do, just as Kamito agonized, at this moment--
Snap... Sounds of twigs breaking could be heard coming from outside the tent.
"...!?"
"...E-Excuse me, Kamito. W-What do you think y-you are d-do, d-doing?"
At the entrance to the tent, a girl was wielding Flametongue, her shoulders trembling.
Her long hair was tied into twintails on opposite sides of her head. Her eyes were like rubies infused with burning flames. Despite the slight paucity of her bosom, the proportions of her figure were as beautiful as a statue of a goddess.
Claire Rouge. Originally the high-born daughter hailing from the prestigious family of Duke Elstein.
A cute and beautiful girl who mesmerized people on sight.
However--
"How do you intend to e-ex, e-explain?"
In her current state, she was almost akin to a berserk flame spirit.
"Hey, hey... The tent is catching on fire!"
Kamito called out frantically--
"And I-I was so w-worried about you!"
Her twintails standing upright on end, Claire walked directly over.
"N-No, this is a misunderstanding!"
"...~tsk, what is this, isn't that your explanation every single time!?"
Tears were beginning to well up in those ruby-like eyes.
At this moment--
"Fuaah..."
Est finally woke up.
Yawning adorably, she rubbed her eyes with her hands.
...Apparently not completely awake.
"Mmm..."
Just as Claire stopped advancing, in that very instant.
Kiss~
" "What!?" "
Kamito and Claire screamed simultaneously.
Because Est kissed Kamito on his cheek.
"Y-You, y-you, what are you d-doing!?"
Claire shouted with her face all red.
"I am Kamito's contracted spirit. Offering a morning kiss to the contractor is a natural duty."
"L-Liar, I've never heard of anything like that!?"
Trembling, Claire's hair made noises as she shook... Indeed, it has never been heard of before.
"Not lying."
Kiss~
"...~tsk, Kamito, you must have taught weird ideas to Est again..."
"I have no idea! Besides, what do you mean by 'again'!?"
The tent's wooden support column began to emit black smoke.
...Not good. If this continued, the entire tent will turn into charcoal.
Kamito hastily racked his brains for a way to escape the crisis--
"B-By the way, I am being ordered around by you as your contracted spirit, right?"
"...? That's right, after all, you are my slave spirit."
Claire nodded matter-of-factly... Truly deplorable, but whatever.
"Well then, I will also offer a morning kiss to my master."
"...Uh?"
Claire was instantly frozen with shock.
In this situation, the term master -- referred to Claire, naturally.
"W-Wha, w-what is this! Some kind of joke?"
"It can't possibly be a joke."
"Ahhhh..."
As Kamito slid his finger lightly across her chin, Claire made a cute scream.
"I-If you dare do such a thing, don't expect me to forgiiii... Uwah!"
"Hey, just relax--"
As soon as he blew lightly in her ear, Claire suddenly lost all strength and collapsed.
Before she fell over, Kamito frantically caught and supported her back.
"S-Seriously, what are you doing...!"
Claire instantly blushed bright red and began to anger. But unbelievably, she made no effort to resist meaningfully.
Probably having bathed in river water, her smooth skin gave off the scent of soap.
"Your ears are your weak points, you know."
"Uwah, n-no...!"
Usually domineering in personality, Claire was unexpectedly meek when others took the initiative. Kamito knew that very well.
Even though she was the violent hell cat girl, her true nature was a pure and delicate young lady.
Kamito embraced Claire as she lay powerlessly in his arms.
"Well then, please accept this morning kiss... Master."
Whispering softly in her ear, he drew his lips lightly towards Claire's face--
"...~tsk!"
Puff!
Instantly, Claire's head began to emit steam.
"Waaaaah, Kamito you jerk!"
Her face all red, Claire noisily swayed her twintails as she ran away.
"...Seriously, she's still so cute."
Kamito shrugged and smiled wryly.
That said, perhaps he really went too far this time. Even though this method was very effective in dismissing her anger, it did create problems later.
...Perhaps he should prepare his grave while he still had time.
"--Kamito is the Demon King of the Night."
Est was expressionless -- However, her murmuring voice sounded subtly unhappy.
Caressing Est's head, Kamito said:
"Est, it's fine if you want to sleep a while longer. Have you recovered your power?"
"Yes, Kamito. In order to become your sword, I will focus on recovering my power."
Est nodded obediently and went back to sleep.
Covering her still naked body with a blanket, Kamito then changed his uniform.
Walking out of the tent, he took a deep breath of the refreshing early morning air.
--At this time, he noticed something had fallen before the tent.
It was a coil of unimpressive bandages. Also, there was a basket of fruit.
"...That girl, she even brought these things... Feels like I'm the bad guy now."
Scratching his face, he was just about to pick up the objects on the ground when--
"Fufu, Kamito-kun, you surely brought to life your beast-like self just now."
Rustle rustle... A girl appeared out from the thicket.
Gorgeous waist-length black hair. Light gray eyes, adorned by cute lashes.
Wearing a bold uniform that was styled like a low-cut dress, she was the Empire's former imperial princess.
"...Fianna!? You s-saw!?"
"--I will also offer a morning kiss to my master."
"Gaaaaaah!"
While maintaining a serious expression, the imperial princess imitated Kamito's voice.
Kamito instantly ducked, clutching his head in his arms.
"--Well then, please accept this morning kiss... Master."
"Aaaaaah... I-I beg you, please stop it... Please stop this."
"Fufu, Kamito-kun is so cute~"
Watching Kamito rolling around on the ground in embarrassment, Fianna smiled mischievously with a chuckle.
"How amazing. While I was sleeping, you've built a stronghold already?"
"No, it's only half complete. We need an even sturdier stronghold this time. A fortress-class stronghold that not even Dracunia's Knights of the Dragon Emperor could breach."
Kamito and Fianna walked side by side in the quiet forest.
Although ordinary people could only see a forest here, anyone with sufficient elementalist potential would notice an invisible barrier spread out between the trees.
To have constructed this level of a barrier within the span of merely one night, she truly lived up to her name as the princess maiden who was the original candidate for Queen. During this time, other teams were probably constructing their own strongholds, but surely none of them could have surpassed Fianna's in strength.
Faced with such a solid stronghold, there probably would not be any teams making an assault like Leonora's group last night.
Land protected by multiple barriers was equivalent to a sturdy castle to elementalists. The protection from the earth spirits bolstered divine power, and through the leylines flowing underground, one could even obtain blessings such as the recovery of fatigue.
"Of course, mechanisms for intercepting intruders are also perfect~"
"Yeah. Even this number of spirits have been tamed completely."
Surveying the little spirits flying across the forest, Kamito nodded with great feeling.
"Fufu, I'm looking forward to seeing elementalists from other teams fall into the traps."
"...Isn't that statement a little abnormal for a prestigious imperial princess to make?"
As Fianna smiled malevolently, Kamito cast a gaze of surprise--
Suddenly something passed them beneath their feet.
"...!?"
It was too late by the time they noticed. Just as Kamito was thinking there was something rising from the ground, numerous vines of plants appeared from underground and suspended Fianna in midair.
"...Ah! What are you doing... Insolent ones!"
Restrained and tied up by the vines, the imperial princess was struggling in panic. However, the more she moved the tighter the vines wrapped themselves around her soft bosom and buttocks.
Apparently, there were still some earth spirits who had yet to submit to her command.
"Yah, ahhh, this tickles...!"
The skirt of her uniform was swept up, offering a tantalizing view of her pure white panties.
"Ah, K-Kamito-kun... Please d-don't look!"
Fianna frantically tried to hold down her skirt. However, suspended in midair, she could not move freely and her skirt was lifted higher and higher.
"...S-Sorry... Uwah!"
With great awkwardness, Kamito found a very cute butt suddenly thrust before his nose.
A pair of extremely soft-looking white panties dominated Kamito's view entirely.
Pulled upwards by the vines, the panties were being embedded deeply into her bottom.
"Ah, owww... It hurts... Oooh... S-Save me...!"
Tear drops appearing from her eyes, Fianna moaned painfully.
"H-Hold on! I'm going to cut the vines now!"
Kamito took out a short sword from the chest of his uniform and prepared to sever the vines--
In that instant, one of Fianna's legs was pulled vertically up this time.
The short skirt was entirely curled up, exposing the white panties clearly in view.
"...!?"
"N-No, I don't want to look like this in front of Kamito-kun--!"
Fianna struggled frantically in an unsightly manner.
"Fianna, c-calm down! If you move randomly, my hand will -- Ah!"
Intending to sever the vines, Kamito's hand slipped.
Shred!
With the sound of something tearing, a piece of white fabric fluttered to the ground.
"..."
"..."
Embroidered with a cute design, it was the fair imperial princess' panties.
"I-Iyaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!"
"Seriously, Kamito-kun is such a pervert! The Demon King of the Daytime!"
"Like I said, I'm sorry..."
Faced with Fianna pouting angrily, Kamito apologized again and again.
"I-I really didn't mean to do that!"
"...Hmph -- How would I really know?"
The imperial princess cast a gaze of suspicion. Perhaps due to her unclothed nether region, she was unable to remain calm as she tightly held down the sides of her skirt, her legs moving awkwardly as she walked.
"I-If I knew it was going to be seen anyway, I should have worn more appropriate underwear..."
"The pair just now was very cute too... Ah, wait..."
"...~tsk, Kamito-kun!"
Thud thud thud thud.
Blushing intensely, Fianna hammered her fists against Kamito's back.
Even though she was always teasing boldly, her true nature was a pure and innocent princess.
"S-Seriously, that's why Kamito-kun is such a jerk who doesn't know anything!"
Suddenly making a turn, she began to walk away.
"Where are you going?"
"Off to teach those earth spirits a good lesson. So that the incident just now does not happen a second time!"
Fianna left the path in the woods and entered the depths of the thicket.
...Apparently, Kamito had really made the princess displeased.
"...Well, as long as she stays in the barrier, there shouldn't be any danger."
Kamito sighed and continued along the path.
Leaving the forest -- Kamito arrived at the place where he had engaged Leonora in blade dance last night.
This was originally part of the dense forest but the majority of the trees had fallen over from the violent winds while the ground was scarred with craters.
This was the trail of destruction remaining from Leonora's going berserk.
(...An opponent I have no wish of facing again, but undoubtedly she will advance to the finals.)
Kamito muttered with a sigh.
The Blade Dance festival this time was far more deadly than the last -- that was what his battle with Leonora impressed upon him.
(However, Ren Ashbell's team definitely surpasses the Knights of the Dragon Emperor by far...)
Not only the other Ren Ashbell who had invited Kamito to dance at the ball -- but also the Instructional School's monster, Muir Alenstarl. Demon Caster Sjora Kahn.
As well as--
(That black knight...)
That particular person. Even amongst the gathering of monsters in Team Inferno, that person's ominous aura stood out.
An elementalist's instincts sensed it -- some kind of heretical beyond-human existence.
"Are we able to win? Against those kinds of people--"
During the two months since he had joined the Academy through Greyworth's machinations, Kamito had already recovered the majority of his combat sense.
Not only did he retrieve the power that earned him the title of the Strongest Blade Dancer three years ago, his new contract was with Est who belonged to the strongest class of sword spirit.
(However, it's still not enough...)
Unrelated to swordsmanship or the resilience of the body, a more fundamental issue of power--
"...Hmm?"
Kamito suddenly stopped walking.
Dissimilar to the smell of branches burning, an intense aroma was reaching his nose.
(...This smells great.)
Rumble. His stomach began to growl as if awakened.
...Speaking of which, I haven't eaten anything since dinner last night.
Making his way towards the direction of the aroma, at a clearing on the riverside, he found the back view of a blonde high-class young lady.
Happily humming a song, she cooked soup in a pot.
Kamito tip-toed and approached--
"Rinslet, what are you doing?"
"Uwah, K-Kamito-san!"
Surprised from behind, Rinslet screamed cutely and turned around.
Bathed beneath the morning rays, her long and platinum blonde hair displayed dazzling luster.
Her beautiful emerald green eyes opened wide.
Dressed in an apron around her uniform, she was holding a bowl and a spoon in her hands.
To be frank, this get up did not suit her identity as a high-class young lady at all, but the contrast proved to be rather adorable.
"Seriously, don't scare me with a sudden greeting!"
Rinslet pouted, slightly miffed.
"...Sorry. I was attracted by the aroma. Are you making breakfast now?"
"Yes. But it's still at the stage of preparations--"
Kamito glanced behind Rinslet as she nodded. It was a simple makeshift kitchen.
A counter top had been built using chopped down logs. Stones had been piled up to make a stove. Fish caught from the river were being kept fresh using massive ice blocks created by her prided ice magic.
"...This looks quite legit. How did a noble lady like you learn to cook?"
Though Kamito himself was capable of simple cooking, Rinslet's skills had already reached the level of top chefs.
He wanted to find the secret to her progress.
"By preparing food for Carol every day, I naturally became skilled."
"Why are you cooking for the maid when you are the mistress?"
"It is a noble's responsibility to provide personally prepared delicious food to the ones who serve us. Noblesse oblige or something like that, that was what Carol taught me."
"...Uh, are you sure you weren't tricked by Carol."
Kamito stated in shock.
...Come to think of it, Rinslet was equipped with various skills one would not expect to find in a sheltered high-class lady. In a certain sense, this was all thanks to a certain useless maid.
"By the way, Kamito-san, are your injuries okay?"
"Yeah, how should I say this..."
Faced with Rinslet's worried inquiry, Kamito nodded as he tried turning the joints in his arms.
Last night, Kamito's chest had been pierced by Leonora's Dragon Slayer. Ending up with only a few broken ribs was truly fortunate. As for the broken bones, they had already been set and healed by Fianna during his sleep.
Fianna had mentioned before that Kamito possessed exceptional self-recovery abilities. This was most likely due to entering a contract with a sword spirit possessing steel attributes, resulting in a reinforced body.
"...That's wonderful."
"That said, I'm still quite exhausted."
Smiling wryly, he replied.
"Right. That's what I was thinking, so I am preparing a special soup with nourishing effects."
Rinslet smiled tenderly.
This charming smile made Kamito's heart begin to race--
"R-Really? It'd be wonderful to drink some soup in this cold weather."
Trying to hide his loss of composure, Kamito glanced at the soup in the pot.
"In my homeland, this sort of weather counts as warm actually."
"Naturally, how could this compare to Laurenfrost, the land of ice and snow..."
The soup was amber in color and made with chicken, wild vegetables and various spices.
"Looks really tasty..."
"...Sneaking a taste is not allowed."
Rinslet warned with a raised finger.
"...Not allowed?"
"Where is your pride as an elementalist? That sort of behavior is disgraceful... O-Or perhaps, Kamito-san, this is the kind of attitude you take to steal a taste of girls?"
"How did the conversation come to this!?"
Seeing Rinslet glancing at him with a frown, Kamito retorted back--
...Rumble. His stomach was growling.
"..."
"Seriously, you're hopeless... Just to be clear, this is a special exception, okay?"
"...Thanks."
Rinslet took a large spoon to serve the soup, delivering it before Kamito.
"...Umm, what?"
"Your arm is still injured, right? H-Hurry and open your mouth..."
Rinslet blushed and said.
...Clearly, she intended to feed him with a "Say ah~ and open up" kind of scene.
"No, this level of injury..."
"You don't need me?"
Rinslet made a hurt expression.
Kamito frantically shook his head--
"Ah, no... Please feed me!"
His heart rate rising, he drank the soup in one gulp.
The chicken and the vegetables were well-stewed and melted in his mouth. The fragrant taste spread all over his tongue.
(Ah, this soup...)
Suddenly, Kamito recalled what happened on the first day when he entered Areishia Spirit Academy.
At the time, Rinslet had brought warm soup to Kamito when he was hungry and staying in that crude little hut that was no different from a stable.
(Definitely, at the time, she said it was because Carol had cooked too much...)
Thinking back now, since that useless maid could not possibly have cooked, Rinslet must have made up the excuse to hide her embarrassment.
Due to Rinslet's usual unapproachable airs, Kamito originally mistook her for an arrogant high-class lady. Her true nature was actually a kind-hearted and benevolent girl.
"...Rinslet, you're such a wonderful person."
Kamito could not stop himself from blurting out.
"W-What are you saying, so suddenly!"
"Ah, no..."
"I-I am not some kind of wonderful person. Clearly I am a villain."
Sent into a panic, Rinslet began talking incomprehensibly.
Her lack of forthrightness also felt rather adorable.
"By the way, where's Ellis?"
"The Captain? She's performing a dedicatory blade dance beside the river."
"...I see. Well then, let me go greet her briefly."
Wrapping things up here, Kamito decided to stop hindering Rinslet while she cooked.
Waving to Rinslet, Kamito made his way towards the riverbank.
Walking along the riverbank, Kamito found a towering cliff.
This was where Claire and the others had battled the Knights of the Dragon Emperor. The cliff was still littered with the destruction caused by the fight against the dragon spirit.
"...To think an outdoor bath that could not have been easy to construct, would be virtually destroyed."
Muttering, he walked towards the edge of the cliff at the same time--
"Hah! Fu--!"
Accompanied by vigorous shouts, the sound of slicing wind could be heard.
Peering out from the side of the cliff, he found a girl swinging a sword, her hair in a ponytail.
Her body was clad in light armor. Her dark-brown eyes were stern.
This was the Captain of the Sylphid Knights -- Ellis Fahrengart.
"Yah, hah--!"
She swung her sword with forceful motions, producing sounds of sharp slicing wind.
Rather than sword training, this was a ritual blade dance performed as an offering to spirits inhabiting the river.
Her graceful and spectacular blade dance caused Kamito to watch in awe.
The profile of her stern face seemed especially beautiful.
Soon after, Ellis re-sheathed her sword by her waist and took a deep bow towards the river.
From the water surface appeared faint light as water spirits gathered to dance.
Apparently the spirits were pleased with Ellis' blade dance.
As Ellis wiped her sweat in relief, Kamito greeted her.
"Hi, Ellis."
"K-Kamito... You saw it!?"
Ellis turned around, her dark-brown eyes opening wide.
"Sorry, I didn't mean to peep..."
Kamito scratched his head and walked towards Ellis.
"Ellis, your blade dance was really beautiful."
"...!? I-I... Beautiful!?"
"No, I'm talking about your blade dance, Ellis... But anyway, you're quite beautiful too."
Ellis instantly blushed.
"Y-You, what insolence! Prepare to die, I'll make you into onion gratin!"
Swiftly drawing her sword, she stabbed the point of the blade towards Kamito's neck.
"What the heck, getting angry so suddenly!"
"C-Calling me beautiful, surely that cannot be what you seriously think...!"
"No, I simply blurted out what's on my mind..."
"Oooh..."
Blushing more intensely, the Captain stuttered as if she was at a loss.
"Y-You, why did you come here?! ...Could it be, to peep!?"
"Idiot, why would anyone do that!?"
Kamito frantically denied--
"Hmph, that I know... After all, there is nothing worth seeing even if I were taking a bath in the water!"
Ellis suddenly turned her gaze away as if she was sulking.
As a normal healthy male, of course the thought had crossed his mind before... But if he were to say this out loud, she would surely slice him in earnest, so it would be best to keep quiet for now.
"I was just about to start the morning purification rite and training. What perfect timing for you to be here, Ellis, would you like to perform morning practice with me? We haven't trained together for quite a while."
"Hmm... Morning practice? Sure."
Sheathing her sword, Ellis coughed lightly.
Back at the Academy, Kamito would occasionally spar with Ellis for morning practice. Although she also had Sylphid Knights meetings early in the morning, it was a perfect way to release the tension in her body before class.
"But are your injuries okay?"
"Yeah, so I'd like to get some exercise... But please have mercy."
"Acknowledged."
The two distanced themselves and drew their swords.
Ellis used a long sword while Kamito used the short sword he kept for defense. Though they were both using weapons that were different from their actual elemental waffen, this was fine for the purposes of physical training.
Readying her sword stance, Ellis watched Kamito silently.
"Come, Ellis--"
Just as Kamito spoke, in that instant--
"Hah--!"
With a vigorous shout, Ellis charged.
Despite treading over uneven riverside terrain, she still made a series of aggressive slashes. The name of the Sylphid Knights' Captain truly was not just for show.
Kamito blocked the sharp sword with his short sword. The blades clashed violently many times.
Sparks flew. High pitched metallic noises resounded.
This was a spectacular blade dance performed with perfect synchronicity.
However, a displeased expression appeared on Ellis' face--
"Kamito, stop trying to accommodate me. If you are just playing around, I will not be pleased."
"You have a point... But Ellis, different from my swordsmanship that was trained at the Instructional School, yours is the orthodox style of the knightly sword, right? If you try to accommodate me, you might pick up bad habits."
"No matter. My sword style is too rigid. After last night's blade dance, that was what I realized greatly. Hence, I hope you can teach me your sword skills. In order to obtain victory in this Blade Dance festival!"
"...!"
Ellis swung her sword in a heavy downward strike. Kamito blocked as his eyes widened in surprise.
This was an attack which manifested the power of Ellis' resolve to get stronger.
"...If that's the case, I understand."
Her well-practiced sword style was indeed rather easy to predict.
It was probably okay to teach her some of those so-called unorthodox sword skills.
Kicking the ground to leap backwards for some distance, Kamito switched his short sword to a reverse grip. Ellis held her sword horizontally and made a courageous charge -- this was based on her highly accomplished spear skills.
In that instant, Kamito suddenly lowered his stance and made a light sweeping kick.
"Ah!"
Ellis' eyes widened in surprise. Though she did not fall over, Kamito took advantage of her momentary loss of balance to grab her arm and shove her back against the ground.
Then swiftly he immobilized her legs. Though Ellis struggled desperately, it was impossible for her to escape due to the restraining of her joints.
"Guh... H-How underhanded, Kamito!"
"Even if the enemy is wielding a sword, it doesn't mean they will always fight with a sword. I suppose it's fine if you're facing a noble-minded knight, but there exist elementalists who fight this way."
"Y-You may have a point..."
Ellis grumbled with a reluctant expression--
Then suddenly her face went red.
"Uh?"
"K-Kamito, this posture..."
"...!?"
Only when pointed out did he notice.
The fact that he was pushing a girl down against the ground, their legs intertwined together.
Plus the fact of Ellis' slightly lifted skirt, clearly exposing her black panties.
"S-Sorry...!"
Kamito frantically tried to stand up, but--
"W-Wait!"
Ellis gripped his wrist tightly.
"L-Let this continue a little while longer, I do not mind..."
"...Uh?"
Maintaining this posture of pushing Ellis down on the ground, Kamito widened his eyes at the sight.
The uniform drenched with sweat. The heaving bosom that quivered with every breath she took.
Diverting the gaze of her slightly moistened dark-brown eyes, Ellis expelled warm breath as she spoke:
"Y-You have to take responsibility..."
Ellis pouted her lips as if sulking.
"Responsibility?"
"The one who changed me from a knight, i-into a woman, is you..."
"Wha, what d-do you mean by that!?"
Just as Kamito stared dumbfounded--
"Incinerate until nothing remains, O scorching conflagration -- Fireball!"
An incantation of spirit magic could be heard -- then immediately, the nearby ground exploded.
Sent flying by the shock of the explosion, Kamito fell into the river.
"W-What the heck!? ...Holy, this is really scalding!"
The river water was boiling as bubbles rose up.
"...Hey, Kamito? Just now, what was happening there?"
Turning his gaze, he found Claire wielding Flametongue, approaching slowly from the shallows.
"All I could see was the sight of you pushing Ellis down on the ground, eh?"
...She was smiling. So terrifying.
Feeling his life was endangered, Kamito frantically tried to escape--
The crisp sound of water changing state could be heard.
"What!?"
Suddenly, he found a massive wall of ice erected before him.
This was Rinslet's specialty, the spirit magic of Ice Wall--
"Oh my, Kamito-san, where do you think you're going?"
Appearing in the opposite direction from Claire was Rinslet.
Smiling calmly, she wielded her elemental waffe, the magic bow.
"R-Rinslet...!"
"Enemies of womankind must be frozen in cold storage -- this is one of the Laurenfrost family's precepts."
"...!?"
Losing his escape route, Kamito rapidly changed directions and ran towards the forest on the opposite shore.
"Hey, stay right there!"
Hearing the sound of freezing arrows fired from behind, Kamito found them whizzing past his back.
At the last second, Kamito jumped into the thicket in the forest--
In that instant, he found his legs entangled by the vines of numerous plants, making him fall flat on his face.
"...These are dryads!?"
"Fufu, Kamito-kun, the spirits earlier have now been trained properly~"
Appearing from the depths of the forest was the great imperial princess smiling impishly.
"Fianna...!"
"Just to deter you from acting naughty towards other girls, Kamito-kun, you need to be taught a lesson too."
While Kamito was immobilized, Claire and Rinslet also gathered around.
"Ha, haha..."
Kamito laughed convulsively.
The sound of numerous footsteps and the intense clashing of swords could be heard from the forest.
Running through the gaps between the trees were girls wielding all sorts of elemental waffen -- dressed uniformly in knightly attire colored red against a white background, this was the uniform of the Rupture Division, the team representing the Principality of Rossvale.
Moving with well-trained coordination, the five girls were chasing after prey.
"--Esil and Yustra, take a detour to the right. Swiftly flank the target, encircle and exterminate."
The one leading the party was a girl with dark-brown hair and a child-like face.
Milla Bassett -- the leader of the Rupture Division, and the youngest elementalist taking part in this year's event.
Bearing an azure right eye and an amber-colored left eye.
The girl's heterochromic eyes coldly focused on the prey.
The target of their hunt was a beautiful black-haired girl dressed in a dark-colored dress.
Team Inferno's darkness spirit.
"Let all shadows be incinerated to ashes -- Evil Flame!"
The girl fluttered her dress as if she were dancing, chanting high level magic carrying the darkness attribute.
Pitch black flames of conflagration were emitted from her finger tips, assaulting the girls in pursuit--
All it took was one lick of these tongues of magical flames for the trees in the forest to vanish instantly.
However, Milla Bassett swung her sword using spirit magic, defeating the black flames.
"How foolish. Our spirits possess resistance against the attribute of darkness."
"Right. How annoying it is to face you people who employ spirits with the holy attribute."
The darkness spirit girl landed lightly on the ground.
"--Hence, you shall be defeated here."
"...!?"
In that instant, the girls in pursuit all halted.
Beneath their feet on the ground, a glowing magic circle appeared.
"--This is an Isolation Barrier!?"
The girls of the Rupture Division instantly fell to their knees like puppets whose strings have been severed.
This was a barrier for cutting off access to leylines, thereby severely weakening the divine power of elementalists.
This was no ordinary defensive barrier -- rather, it was a trap set by a top princess maiden, specifically for killing elementalists.
"How could this happen, did you plan on luring us here from the start?"
Milla Bassett looked up in shock.
The darkness spirit girl chuckled and smiled adorably.
"Rejoice -- for you have become live sacrifices for Nepenthes Lore."
An ominous roar could be heard rumbling in the depths of the forest.
This was neither a beast's howl nor a human's yell.
Simply hearing the sound was enough to feel a horrific chill along the spine as if frozen -- It was that repulsive and otherworldly of a sound.
Then--
Suddenly, numerous black chains extended from afar to entangle the limbs of the girls collapsed on the ground.
Before they even had the chance to scream, the girls instantly lost consciousness.
"...What are you doing?"
Milla Bassett gazed at the darkness spirit girl.
Only Milla had been able to detect the ominous presence and evaded the chains with the slimmest of margins.
"Oh my, you do have a most interesting eye."
"...!?"
Milla reflexively covered her left eye with her hair.
By her feet were her teammates who had collapsed to the ground unconscious.
In this despairing situation, she must rack her brains to seek survival.
With only one member remaining, chances of victory were unlikely in a confrontation against a high level darkness spirit. Should she unleash the power of her eye -- No, with the Rupture Division currently in disarray, unleashing it was not possible.
...Rumble...!
The earth shook -- from the depths of the forest, that particular ominous presence was approaching.
The darkness spirit's contractor -- Nepenthes Lore.
"I -- the Rupture Division, shall not fall here."
Without time to hesitate, Milla decided to retreat.
Manifesting her sword of spirit magic, she swiftly sliced apart the magic circle of the Isolation Barrier.
"--You won't be able to escape."
The darkness spirit girl smiled lightly and released black flames--
However, Milla effortlessly dodged the incoming flames and disappeared into the depths of the forest.
"A mere rabbit, letting her escape isn't really a problem, but--"
The darkness spirit girl, Restia, narrowed her dusk-colored eyes slightly, murmuring to herself.
"--That eye, truly cannot be left alone."
To Restia personally, the annihilation of the Rupture Division was simply incidental.
Her original purpose was to provide divine power to the elementalist, Nepenthes Lore, for recovering energy.
However, their division leader, the girl's eye was a separate matter. Left to roam free, it could prove to be a hindrance during an inopportune time.
"For the sake of the plan, there is a need to clear all obstacles -- Have you eaten your fill?"
As if responding to the girl's question--
The black chains, formed from magic, slid smoothly and withdrew from the girls' bodies.
At some point in time, a black knight, clad in ominous armor, had started standing behind Restia.
The armor of darkness creaked noisily, as if about to burst from the expanding interior--
Absorbing divine power from the elementalists, assimilating their energy.
"--You won't have to wait long, Kamito."
Smiling, Restia casually retrieving the Rupture Division's magic stones.
The Instructional School's assassin Jio Inzagi, the Academy's strongest elementalist Velsaria Eva Fahrengart, Monster Muir Alenstarl, as well as the Dragon Knight Leonora Lancaster... Within a mere month, Kamito had already fought several formidable foes.
The experiences of these battles should probably awaken the dormant existence hidden in his body.
"Kamito, this is my reward for you. Let me prepare your final enemy--"
Nepenthes Lore -- the manifestation of the Demon King's will.
Born through forbidden secret arts, a monster of darkness.
--Yet another illegitimate child left behind by the Demon King.

Shining upon Ragna Ys, the sun had risen high --
Kamito and his group were having breakfast by the riverside.
"Seriously, you should have told us sooner that you were just doing sword training."
"T-That is so true! I thought, surely..."
"I almost thought Kamito-kun was going to violate poor Ellis!"
"As if! What kind of person do you take me for..."
Half narrowing his eyes, Kamito glared at the three high-class ladies blushing to their ears before him.
"Umm, I-I was actually prepared already..."
Awkwardly fiddling her fingers, Ellis murmured softly on the side.
"Did you say something, Ellis?"
"N-Nothing!"
Kamito frowned. Ellis' face instantly went bright red.
"...Never mind. Anyway, let's eat before the food gets cold."
"Agreed, Kamito."
Sitting beside Kamito, Est nodded impatiently.
Tree trunks were split to make a table, hot dishes were set out for breakfast.
Perfectly toasted bread. Fish from the river, roasted on a spit and flavored with salt. Wild herb salad, mushroom stir-fried with butter. Then there was the Laurenfrost family's special chicken soup recipe which made effective use of ginger and spices -- without exception, every dish looked extremely tasty.
"So, bon appetit. These are my confident creations."
Rinslet proudly puffed out her chest.
"...But really, this is so sumptuous. Where did you get all the ingredients from?"
These dishes were not possible to make using only the canned food they brought.
"Scarlet and I gathered them while Kamito was sleeping."
"This sanctuary's forest is really a treasure trove of ingredients."
"Kind of similar to the Academy's Spirit Forest, I guess... By the way, this place feels like some kind of otherworld."
Other than the fact that it was inhabited by many spirits, the ecology felt no different from that of the mainland.
"Kamito-kun, that is because this Ragna Ys is the sanctuary ruled directly by the Elemental Lords. After all, given the vast number of princess maidens in their service, wouldn't it be a problem if they were unable to survive here?"
The former princess maiden at the Divine Ritual Institute, Fianna, explained to him.
...I see. It seemed like this was quite a special place, even within the world of Astral Zero.
"I'm going to hunt a giant boar for lunch."
Rinslet suggested as she made a bow-drawing gesture.
Normally, hunting was prohibited in this Sanctuary, being the territory of the Elemental Lords. Only during the Blade Dance was the restriction lifted.
"I will take part as well. Though cooking is not my forte, hunting is my specialty."
"B-But I do not like hunting. The thought of killing those adorable and furry animals..."
Ellis frowned and picked up Scarlet who was busy eating a fish, hugging the cat against her chest.
"Meow!? Meow meow--"
Bewildered, Scarlet began to struggle noisily.
"Ellis, give it up. Scarlet doesn't like it when you do that."
"Mmm... N-Nothing of that sort! Look, Scarlet and I are really close!"
"Meow--Meow--!"
Watching these two with a wry expression, Kamito drank the special soup.
The ginger's flavor, having thoroughly entered the soup, took instant effect. He could feel his body warm up from the very core.
"Rinslet's cooking is really delicious."
Sitting next to him, Est offered praise expressionlessly.
"Fufu, Est-san, you have to eat more if you want to grow up faster."
"No, Est is a spirit so she's not going to grow up..."
As Rinslet caressed Est's head gently, Kamito ridiculed her comment.
"Well I must admit, your cooking skills are commendable. When I restore the Elstein family to greatness once more, I might consider having you as a maid."
"...Eh? R-Really?"
Just as Rinslet started to show joy--
"...Hey wait a minute, why do I have to be your maid in the first place!?"
"A maid uniform might suit you unexpectedly well, you know?"
"W-What are you talking about!? Obviously it suits you way more than me!"
Rinslet retorted furiously.
(...By the way, isn't she getting furious in a rather atypical manner?)
Kamito tilted his head in puzzlement as he watched the two childhood friends quarrel.
After breakfast, the group held a meeting to decide on their strategy henceforth.
Kamito gazed at the map on the table as he drank tea brewed by Rinslet.
Using earth spirits to scout the surroundings, the gathered information was then used to draw this map. Claire apparently had some artistic talent, for the resulting map was quite simple and easy to understand.
That said, other than the vicinity of their stronghold enclosed by the barrier, virtually everywhere else was blank.
For example, they still had no idea about the size of the entire grounds.
"So, let's organize and sum up the information we have on hand."
Setting down her teacup lightly, Claire began to describe the current situation.
The Blade Dance festival's main battle event -- the Tempest had a total of twenty-four teams participating. Based on the reports of the wind spirits sent out to scout, teams were already being eliminated on the first day.
On the other hand, the Quina Empire's Four Gods, the Holy Kingdom of Lugia's Sacred Spirit Knights, and various other strong teams had already established secure strongholds.
Due to failing their nocturnal assault on the first night, Dracunia's Knights of the Dragon Emperor, one of the major candidate teams for victory, was currently slightly behind. But given their level of power, it did not really count as any major setback.
"What I want to know most is information about Team Inferno, but sadly we don't even know where their stronghold is located."
"Looks like their team harbors an elementalist skilled in espionage techniques. All the wind spirits we sent out to scout were struck down."
Ellis reported softly with regret.
"An elementalist skilled in espionage techniques, eh..."
Suddenly, Kamito recalled the girl with jade-colored hair he saw at the opening ceremony.
Her face had been hidden by a hooded garment, but those pointy ears were definitely the telltale signs of the Elfim race. Born with exceptional skills in presence concealment, many of the Elfim who became elementalists took on espionage duties.
"However, we did obtain noteworthy information related to Team Inferno."
"...?"
Ellis' words made everyone pay attention.
"Remember that ominous looking black knight who appeared at the opening ceremony?"
"Who could possibly forget..."
Claire displayed a submissive expression. All the other girls nodded one after another.
Evidently, Kamito was not the only who sensed an ominous aura from the black knight.
"What about the black knight?"
"Yes. From the looks of it, the black knight has separated from Team Inferno and is currently acting alone. Earlier, it was mentioned that there were teams being eliminated on the first day, right--"
"Could it be possible that...!"
"Yes. It is exactly that possibility. The team representing the Walz Kingdom -- those girls were apparently wiped out by the black knight singlehandedly."
"A single person wiping out an entire Blade Dance team, huh..."
Kamito muttered gravely... Whoever really accomplished that, was truly a monster beyond doubt.
"What is the contracted spirit serving the black knight like? If we know what attribute the spirit possesses, perhaps we could come up with a counter strategy?"
"Ah yes, that is..."
Faced with Claire's inquiry, Ellis stuttered--
"A darkness spirit in the form of a human girl -- Apparently."
"...!?"
Everyone gasped. Kamito's eyes widened in surprise.
"...Restia!?"
He could not help but call out her name.
"That darkness spirit girl, is indeed--"
"Kamito-kun's former contracted spirit... Isn't that right?"
Claire and Fianna whispered softly with worry.
Ellis and Rinslet exchanged glances awkwardly. Although these two never met Restia directly, after the mission at the mining city, they had learned about Kamito's past to a certain extent and knew that Restia was an extremely important existence to him.
Kamito's gaze fell upon the leather glove covering his left hand.
(Restia... What exactly are you planning?)
After arriving at this Ragna Ys, she had contacted Kamito twice.
The first was in the garden of the castle. The second was last night, prior to Leonora's attack.
But what exactly were her intentions...?
Kamito's expression was grave--
"Well... A-Anyway!"
Slowly, Claire began to speak.
"Even though we're very concerned about the movements of the black knight and the darkness spirit, we have no way of taking precautions given our lack of information. After all, we can't simply sit here and tighten defenses at our stronghold."
"Right. If we focus too much on defense and fail to take action, that would be getting our priorities wrong."
Ellis nodded.
She was right. The magic stones needed for advancing towards the finals were limited in number. If they did not take the initiative to attack, they would definitely lose the competition.
Currently, the only magic stones acquired by Team Scarlet were the two they took from the Kingdom of Balstan's team. Even if all the members of Team Scarlet survived these seven days, lacking sufficient magic stones would prevent them from advancing to the finals.
Gathering a certain number of magic stones in the opening stage, then rely on the stronghold's defense and wait for the other teams to weaken one another before venturing out to rob them of their magic stones -- this strategy only sounded good in theory. As for attacking an elementalist defending behind a sturdy stronghold, that would be as poor a strategy as trying to besiege a castle with inadequate troops.
"Without any exceptions, none of the teams should be attacking on their own before their stronghold is established--"
Just as Claire explained quietly...
"...!? Something has entered the barrier!"
Fianna cried out. Instantly, tension appeared on everyone's face.
"Look over there--!"
Claire pointed at the sky.
A winged rabbit could be seen flying above the forest.
It was no ordinary creature. Clearly it was a spirit.
"An enemy team's scouting spirit?"
"Hmph, watch as I shoot it down!"
Rinslet chanted spirit language for releasing her elemental waffe, the magic bow--
"Wait a minute, don't attack!"
Clong!
Claire whacked Rinslet hard on the head with a soup spoon.
"Ouch! T-That really hurts... What the heck are you doing!?"
Holding her head, Rinslet tearfully yelled.
"You didn't even think for a moment before you decided to shoot it down."
Claire shrugged in amazement--
"...Look carefully. That is an emissary."
"Emissary?"
Rinslet frowned as Kamito and the rest focused their gaze on the spirit.
Circling widely above them, the spirit dropped something that it was holding in its mouth.
Fluttering down, a letter landed on the table.
Carefully examining the letter to ensure it was not a trap, Claire then opened the envelope to read its contents.
"What is it about?"
"A proposal for an alliance."
"Alliance?"
Everyone looked at one another.
The letter was sent from the Principality of Rossvale's Rupture Division.
The bottom of the message had the division leader's signature with the Principality's seal.
"The seal looks real. I don't think this is forged."
Familiar with official correspondence, Fianna examined the letter and lightly set it back onto the table.
"The Principality of Rossvale..."
Kamito muttered with an admiring expression.
The Principality of Rossvale was a small, newly risen state where radicals had succeeded in gaining independence from the Holy Kingdom of Lugia.
As an independent state, their history was rather short and this was merely their second appearance at the Blade Dance festival. Nevertheless, served by high ranking holy spirits, they were regarded as the dark horse contender in the current competition.
"Stirring the most sensation of all is their ace, Milla Bassett."
"...If I remember correctly, participating at the young age of thirteen, she must be the youngest elementalist in this festival?"
Kamito's question was met with Claire's pouting face.
"Why are you so keen on memorizing her facts? You great big pervert."
"Stop making misleading accusations, Claire. You're the one who made me remember."
"Kamito-san, making excuses is not very classy behavior."
"...Seriously, we cannot be careless with you for even a second!"
"As befits your title as the Demon King of the Night, your target age range is truly wide."
"W-What is with you girls..."
"Kamito likes really young girls?"
"E-Est, why are you joining in this nonsense!?"
As the young ladies glared at him, Kamito's face twitched with discomfort.
"A-Anyway, who knew there'd be a team proposing to ally so early?"
Kamito coughed and changed the subject.
"Yes... Indeed it's very strange."
Claire nodded.
The rules of the Tempest did not prohibit teams from forming alliances.
However, this was normally a last resort taken only by teams that were on the verge of elimination. Alliances were not something simple to be trifled with. Considering that even if teams fought in cooperation, ultimately, only the top four teams advanced, this was completely natural.
In actual fact, there were virtually no cases of teams allying together in the opening stage of the Tempest in past Blade Dance festivals.
"The possibility of a trap seems quite high..."
"That's right. An ambush definitely awaits us at the negotiation site."
Rinslet agreed with Fianna's suggestion.
"However, if they really plan on deceiving us, this trap is a little too obvious. Perhaps something happened that we're not aware of."
Kamito knew that Claire's intuition was often quite accurate in times like these.
Besides inheriting the blood of the Elstein family which gave rise to numerous Queens over the generations, perhaps Claire was also blessed with sharp instincts since birth.
"If this is not a trap, perhaps we could give it a try. Let alone fighting on a united front, simply sharing information is already quite advantageous."
As expected of the knight hailing from a family of military tradition, Ellis' mindset was immensely practical.
"Furthermore, the Rupture Division's elementalists are all reputed to be masters of strong holy spirits. If we manage to forge an alliance, they should prove to be a reliable ally against the darkness spirit mentioned earlier."
Kamito could not help but cast a glance at his left hand.
Three years ago, Kamito had been caught in a difficult fight against a holy spirit. Indeed, forming an alliance with a team that consisted only of holy elementalists would definitely be the most effective way to oppose Restia's machinations.
"What do you think, Kamito?"
Following Claire's question, all eyes were on Kamito.
"Indeed, the probability of a trap is quite high. However, there is value to be gained in responding to the offer. In any case, our plans are not set in stone -- whether it's a trap or not, let's just wing it and act according to the situation."
"If Kamito-san thinks so, I will not object."
Rinslet spoke up. Ellis and Fianna also nodded in agreement.
"So it's decided, we will negotiate an alliance with the Rupture Division."
Claire nodded and pressed her hand against the Principality's seal at the end of the letter.
Chanting a spirit language incantation, immediately -- the seal began to burn, turning into a tiny flame spirit.
This was the guide spirit that was released from the seal.
Belonging to the lowest class of spirit, it was only able to perform simple tasks such as leading the way. But due their convenience as ease of use, these spirits were widely used for communications between elementalists.
"The negotiation site is two hours away on foot."
"How many people are we supposed to send?"
"...Not stated explicitly. But we can't have all five of us go."
"That's true..."
If other teams breached their stronghold while their defense was weakened, the tradeoff would not be worth it.
Furthermore, making their way as an entire team through the forest would be too conspicuous and would unnecessarily provoke the other party's wariness.
"Ordinarily, two people should be the most appropriate."
"Then Est and I will be enough--"
Kamito placed his hand on Est's head and patted her.
"Yes, Kamito. I will protect Kamito."
"Wait a minute, why are you acting like you have to be the one to go?!"
"That's right, Kamito-kun's injuries are not entirely healed yet!"
Claire and Fianna snarled furiously.
"I can't really let girls venture into danger while I stay back in a safe zone, right?"
"G-Girls..."
Claire blushed slightly--
"N-No way! You are definitely not permitted to go alone!"
But immediately, she began to shake her head again.
"We know you are very strong, Kamito, but do try to trust us a bit more."
"Reflect carefully on this, okay?!"
Scolded by the troupe of young ladies, Kamito backed down.
"...G-Got it. My bad."
...Indeed, perhaps it really was time to reflect.
(After all, I'm still stuck in the mindset of fighting alone.)
Unlike three years ago, Kamito now had comrades who could fight alongside with him.
"Besides, the other party will be wary if only you, a male, goes. Your notorious infamy is widespread even in foreign lands."
"Well, that makes sense... Wait a minute, what the heck do you mean by notorious infamy!?"
"You really want to know?"
"...Uh no, I think I have some idea already."
Kamito groaned from the depths of his throat.
"F-Furthermore, if it's you, who knows if you'll hook up with some girl from the Rupture Division... Let me remind you, making a move on a thirteen-year-old child is illegal, okay?"
"...How did it get to this!?"
"Yes." "Completely agreed." "I can picture it so clearly."
The other three agreed wholeheartedly with Claire.
"...Hey, what kind of person do you girls really think I am?"
"You really want to know?"
"Guh..."
"Kamito is the Demon King of the Night."
"E-Even you, Est..."
Kamito's face began to convulse.
...Clearly there was a need to dispel misunderstandings and recover true trust.
"--Anyway, Kamito's strength is indisputable. Considering the possibility of a trap, yes, it would be reassuring to have him as an accompanying bodyguard."
Claire coughed.
"...H-Hence, Kamito will accompany me as I take charge of negotiations!"
"Wait a minute, how was this decided?"
Ellis questioned sharply.
"No fair, you're stealing a march on us!"
"What do you mean, stealing a march!?"
Claire retorted, her face red.
"I have no choice but to stay behind..."
Fianna bit her finger as she spoke regrettably.
"...After all, only Fianna is able to build the stronghold."
Kamito expressed understanding as he scratched his head at the situation.
Considering her origins as the former imperial princess, Fianna would be the most suited for handling negotiations, however -- even ignoring the issue of the stronghold, he did not feel comfortable taking her along seeing as she had never received field training at the Academy. Besides, given this was a possible trap and the fact that they could be attacked en route, fighting while protecting her would be very difficult.
"W-Well then, take me along. After all, I always team up with Kamito within the Knights."
Ellis coughed softly and tightly embraced Kamito's arm.
Boing, Ellis' bosom also boldly pressed against him, causing Kamito to blush to his ears.
"Wait, Kamito is my slave spirit! I reserve all rights!"
This time, it was Claire who embraced Kamito's other arm. Though hers were smaller, Kamito could still feel that comfortably soft sensation, making his heart race subtly.
"Claire's possessions are equivalently mine!"
"What twisted logic!"
Sparks flew as the three young ladies engaged in dispute.
"That's not right, I shouldn't belong to anyone?"
Kamito's protest was duly ignored--
"In that case, let us decide by blade dance who gets to go with Kamito--"
Ellis released Kamito's arm and released her elemental waffe Ray Hawk in her hands.
"Hmph, that's fine with me!"
"Just as I hoped -- Hasten forth, keeper of the burning furnace!"
Rinslet held her Magic Bow of Ice while Claire summoned the fiery hell cat.
"S-Stop it, are you trying to destroy our constructed stronghold!?"
Kamito frantically yelled.
(...Seriously, why are these young ladies always so eager to fight?)
"...Ah-- Could you girls listen to a little opinion of mine?"
Kamito raised his hand.
"What?"
"...I think it's best that I go with Claire."
"There. The one to go will be me... Huh?"
Claire opened her mouth in amazement.
"...W-What!?"
"What is going on!?"
"No, well..."
Ellis and Rinslet interrogated.
Kamito took a step back, greatly troubled--
"Stop it you two. Kamito is having a hard time, right?"
Claire stepped forward as if shielding Kamito.
"Hear that? Kamito and I will be fine. Well well, Kamito is worried if he goes alone, so if you're really desperate for it, i-it's not like I can't agree to your request."
Fufu, Claire displayed a composed and effortless expression as her twintails jumped.
"...K-Kamito, what on earth is going on!?"
"So unfair, what's wrong with choosing us?"
Sulking with a pout, Ellis and Rinslet objected tearfully.
"No, umm, considering comprehensively, I think Claire is the best candidate--"
Kamito scratched his head as he began to explain.
Claire, whose overall results in school were already excellent, was most accomplished in espionage skills. And this was precisely what was needed the most for the current mission.
On one hand, Ellis, the embodiment of chivalry, was the least suited to secretive acts of espionage. In fact, despite her excellent scores in practical techniques, she was only Rank C in the area of spying.
Similarly, Rinslet, who specialized in long range projectiles, was not suited for the current mission. Only deploying her in defense of the stronghold would make the best use of her skills.
That was what Kamito explained to them--
"Hmm, now that you put it that way..."
"You do have a point..."
Although they were still displeased, the two girls understood at least.
"W-What... It was for these kinds of reasons..."
For some reason, Claire began to sulk and pout.
(Well, there happens to be one more reason...)
Most importantly -- there was the suitability as a negotiator.
Although Rinslet's true nature was still a kind-hearted soul, that haughty attitude she displayed to everyone, perhaps out of habit, would only cause negotiations to fail.
As for Ellis who always insisted on upfront righteousness, she too, was unsuited for negotiations. Though that could be considered her virtue, however -- to the other party, such honesty would simply be a gift. To Ellis' own side, it would lead to an unfavorable result, and was a risk that could not be ignored.
Compared to these two, Claire had no obvious flaws as a negotiator.
Although she always acted domineering towards Kamito, she was able to act like a young lady from a prestigious family as long as she wanted to. Perhaps due to the ostracizing and bullying she received as the younger sister of the Calamity Queen, she possessed quick wits as well as unwavering tenacity in spirit. Clearly such traits were well suited for negotiations.
"So it's decided -- I'll be relying on you, Claire."
"...Well, w-whatever. You deserve to be commended for your excellent judgment in choosing me."
Claire's face was bright red and she averted eye contact as if shy.
The red twintails jumped vigorously... This was her reflexive reaction whenever she felt extremely happy.
"T-Teaming up with Kamito alone, the last time was really so long ago!"
"...Hmm? Ah yeah, now that you mention it."
Thinking back, Team Scarlet's original members were just Kamito and Claire.
When he first arrived at the Academy, even acquiring the five members required to apply for participation in the Blade Dance festival seemed like a challenge.
...Clearly it was only two months ago, but somehow recalling the memory stirred up deep emotions.
"--Besides, you still have me."
Est expressionlessly murmured from a corner of the table.

After making simple preparations, Kamito and Claire set off quickly.
They traveled light, keeping their load to a minimum. Est also transformed back to sword form at Kamito's waist. Entering a dormant state and completely cutting off her consciousness, she could not awaken by her own will without Kamito's infusion of divine power.
The guide spirit hovered lightly in the air -- a mass of weak flame before the two of them.
As long as they followed it, they would not get lost even within the forest.
"H-Hey, Kamito..."
"Hmm?"
Claire tried to start a conversation with Kamito who was walking in front.
"Umm... N-Nothing..."
"Hmm, is that so..."
Then conversation went dead.
...Repeating for who knows how many times. Starting from a while back, her efforts always followed this model.
(...~Seriously, what is going on with me!?)
Claire knew very well the reason was herself. Overly self-conscious about being alone with Kamito, it had become impossible for her to talk casually with him as usual.
(...Kamito, would you think I'm acting strange?)
She gave a quick glance at the figure walking before her--
Kamito looked completely nonchalant... This was slightly maddening.
(However, being able to team up with Kamito, truly is...)
In actual fact, the only time when Claire monopolized Kamito was the first few days after they met.
Disregarding Kamito's contracted spirit Est, there was Fianna who had moved in as Claire's roommate in the female dorms not long after that. On top of that, Kamito had also been recruited by the Sylphid Knights, which meant he had to participate in the Knights' work in addition to their morning meetings, further reducing the time he had for Claire.
Furthermore, at dinner time every day, Rinslet would "accidentally cook too much" and bring the food to the room to share with everyone.
--Ever since the Blade Dance festival began, Claire and Kamito's time alone had been reduced more and more.
(B-But, only now it is different...)
Also, even though the reason was suitability for the negotiation role, Kamito did indeed choose Claire as his partner to venture forth... Simply this fact was enough to make her overjoyed.
(If only I c-could be slightly more honest...)
As they went on their way, she quietly gazed at Kamito's back--
"--Wah!"
Suddenly, she found her foot entangled by something smooth and slippery.
"...Claire!?"
Kamito suddenly looked back.
There was a small snake around her foot.
Kamito swiftly bent down, grabbed the snake by its head and threw it away in the forest.
"You okay? Were you bitten?"
"I-I'm okay... Just had a little fright."
"...You're afraid of snakes?"
"I-I'm not afraid! ...I just don't like them."
Claire diverted her gaze, her face all red.
"...Isn't that the same thing? Anyway, can you stand up?"
Kamito grabbed Claire's hand and helped her up from the ground.
"Ah, yes... Thank you."
Her heart was pounding within her chest. Even without a mirror she knew her face must be burning red like having a fever.
...She felt so embarrassed that she could not look Kamito in the face.
"Then let's continue--"
Kamito released her hand and was about to start walking--
"Ah, w-wait up!"
At this time, Claire chased after Kamito and grabbed his hand, gripping it tightly.
"...Claire?"
"...T-This is better."
"...Eh?"
"...I said this is better. Escorting the master is the slave's duty."
"H-Hey...!"
Holding Kamito's hand, Claire began to run quickly.
Kamito had no choice but to hurry and keep up with her.
(Uwahwah, seriously, what am I doing!?)
Due to her unintentionally bold behavior, Claire's face went completely red.
Taking a short break along the way, Kamito and Claire continued making their way through the forest and finally reached the destination.
The fire spirit guiding them began to circle in one spot before some decrepit ruins.
These ruins probably dated back to the distant past, legendary times when the mainland and Astral Zero were still uniform -- the mythical age when this shrine was still in use. The walls had virtually all collapsed, and the only reason why it still managed to maintain some of its original shape was very likely thanks to those stone pillars embedded in the ground.
The other side of the ruins faced a cliff and one could hear the noisy rumbling of rapids.
"This should be the negotiation site--"
"The ruins of an ancient shrine. With a river nearby, this is quite an ideal environment for a stronghold."
"Hurry and look, here are traces of a built barrier."
Following the direction Claire indicated, Kamito found a stone pillar where a pattern resembling a crest was carved.
"...The sacred seal of the Principality of Rossvale. And very new too."
Claire murmured incredulously.
"However, there were no signs of a barrier activating when we entered, right?"
"...That's right. The barrier was destroyed. This place has already lost functionality as a stronghold."
"What happened?"
--The Rupture Division abandoned this stronghold?
Or instead--
"Hmm?"
Icy cold water drops fell upon Kamito's forehead.
"It's raining..."
Sheltering his eyes with one hand, he looked up to find the sky had filled with dark clouds without him noticing.
As raindrops fell pitter patter, it became a pouring shower within the blink of an eye.
"Uwah!"
"Is there no place to shelter from the rain?"
Claire draped her uniform jacket over her head and frantically surveyed the surroundings to find a cave beneath the cliff near the ruins. This was no natural hole but a place someone had dug out using the power of spirits.
"Over there, hurry!"
"Ah yeah..."
The two of them quickly ran towards the cave.
The cave ran deeper than imagined. It was completely dark inside. Claire chanted a spirit language incantation to light a small fire at her fingertip, thereby illuminating the uneven walls of rock.
The remnants of a campfire could be found in the cave.
"The Rupture Division apparently had a bonfire here."
"...In that case, let us make good use of it."
The two of them sat down by the campfire.
Claire brought the flame on her fingertip close and immediately lit the campfire.
"I didn't know rain was possible in this place."
Since Ragna Ys was above cloud level, one would not expect any rain--
On further thought, it would have been strange to have plants flourishing without rain. Furthermore, there was the existence of rivers and lakes.
"Ragna Ys doesn't always float above the clouds. We may not be able to tell while we're on the island but it does move according to a cycle. Currently, it must be beneath cloud level."
"...I see."
The downpour showed no signs of letting up.
Kamito and Claire were completely drenched.
"...Sigh. If the other negotiating party isn't present, it can't be helped."
Untying the ribbons on the ends of her twintails, Claire sighed.
"Even a trap would be a better situation than now."
"...Come to think of it, where would they go after abandoning their stronghold?"
Faced with Claire who had untied her ribbons to let down her hair--
"...!?"
Kamito was shocked.
(...T-This girl is too careless!?)
Her red hair looked exceptionally seductive when wet.
Illuminated by the glow of the campfire, her supple body displayed beautifully gentle contours.
As her drenched uniform clung tightly to her skin, the lace patterns of her underwear became vaguely visible.
"...Kamito, what is up with you?"
Claire asked with a puzzled expression, tilting her head.
Clearly she was unaware how attractive and tempting her current appearance was.
"Ah-- ...Umm, how should I put it..."
How on earth could he point it out, just as Kamito agonized--
"...Yah!?"
Claire finally noticed her appearance and frantically curled her drenched body into a ball.
"Ah, mmm, ah..."
Under usual circumstances, surely she would have started whipping him with Flametongue. However, this was not Kamito's fault this time, and Claire simply went into a panic with a blushing expression.
"--Achoo."
Claire sneezed adorably.
"If you remain wet, you're going to catch a cold."
"I-I know! Kamito, turn and face the other way!"
"A-Ah, right..."
Kamito turned and faced the wall, shutting his eyes.
Rustle rustle... Rustle.
Against the background noises of the intense downpour, the seductive sound of clothes sliding off the body seemed unnaturally loud.
...What the heck was with this sound of undressing right now?
Keeping his eyes closed, Kamito found it even harder to stop his imagination from running wild instead.
"I-It's okay now..."
Receiving permission, Kamito turned back towards Claire.
"I can open my eyes?"
"..."
"Claire?"
"Y-You can..."
A hesitant answer.
Kamito opened his eyes--
"...Wha!?"
Appearing before his eyes was a scene far too excessively stimulating for a boy of his age.
Stripped of her uniform, Claire was only wearing a single article of underwear.
Furthermore, it was simply a pair of very sheer lace panties. She was almost completely nude.
Her smooth skin, as white as snow, adorned by the bright crimson hair draped over her body, was quite an erotic sight to behold.
The only saving grace was the fiery hell cat she embraced against her chest to hide her topless state.
"Why, why are you looking like that..."
"T-This is the Scarlet Guard maneuver!"
Claire shifted her gaze as she displayed a shy expression.
"Never mind me, you should hurry and strip too!"
"...Me?"
"Do you intend to leave me as the only one in this embarrassing state?"
"A-Ah right, I got it..."
Glared at sharply, Kamito had no choice but to nod and agree.
Perhaps due to Claire's seductive appearance, his mind was probably in a total state of shock.
As Kamito took off his wet shirt, Claire's cheeks instantly blushed bright red completely.
Just as he was about to take off his pants--
"Yah--"
...A light scream was heard.
"Y-You're the one who told me to strip!"
"Uh, right... Sorry."
Underneath, Kamito was wearing half-pants that could be used as swimming trunks. Since he was dressed the same way for the purification ritual by the lake, a reason to be so surprised... Should not exist in theory.
"..."
"..."
Then for a period of time after, both were stuck in silence.
There remained only the noise of the campfire crackling away.
(W-What the heck. This embarrassing mood...!)
Gulping down a mouthful of air, Kamito furtively cast a glance towards Claire.
With her ribbons untied and hair down, Claire seemed to possess much more adult charms than usual.
Light reflected off the smooth skin of her neck. As soft as fresh snow, her gorgeous body seemed like it would melt at the mere touch of the finger. Having taken off her kneesocks, her thighs were so dazzling Kamito did not dare stare directly.
The fabric of her panties was also quite sheer and offered a slight glimpse of the luster of the wet skin beneath.
"...!?"
Shocked, Kamito intended to shift his gaze--
"Hey..."
"Hmm?"
"...Say something, find something interesting to talk about."
"That's really putting me at wits' end... How could I find something interesting to talk about, being asked so suddenly?"
Kamito answered in amazement.
For Kamito who had devoted his life to training for battle since childhood, asking him to chat and entertain a girl was a tall order indeed.
"Talk about anything you want. I'll be the one to decide if it's interesting or not."
"...Easier said than done. Oh... Got it, that time when I was patrolling the school grounds with Ellis--"
"Not allowed to talk about other girls. That's not interesting at all."
...Somehow making her displeased, Kamito was cut off as soon as he started.
"...What a willful young lady you are."
Kamito crossed his arms and racked his brains.
(An interesting topic, ah...)
Then -- Suddenly, he recalled.
In the past, when Kamito was still a young boy--
Every night, that person would tell him a bedtime story.
These stories, originating from a distant desert country, were so numerous it would take a thousand and one nights to tell them all.
Night after night, she would tell these stories to him. For Kamito's days as a young boy, this could be considered his only joy. Every time Kamito hassled her to tell these stories he liked, she would patiently recount them to him. Even now, he could still recite some of the content.
(That's all I can think of to talk about...)
Kamito coughed lightly and began to speak.
"A long long time ago, there was a spirit sealed in a lamp at a certain place--"
"Excuse me, Kamito..."
"...Yes?"
"I'm sorry but I already know this story. It's very famous on the mainland, you know?"
"I see..."
Come to think of it, Claire really loved reading... It was only natural for her to know the story.
Finding his treasured story rejected, Kamito could not think of any other tales to tell.
Surely, Claire would be interested in his experiences with that particular girl after escaping from the Instructional School. But bringing that subject up would inevitably lead to the incident three years ago.
"...Sorry. I'm out of ideas."
Kamito apologized honestly.
However, Claire did not seem particularly displeased, but smiled tenderly.
"A man who is too boring in conversation is no good, you know? Next time, try harder to prepare before your next date."
"Date?"
"...Ooh, n-no that's not it! I-I simply said something wrong by accident!"
Claire hugged Scarlet tightly, causing the cat to cry out in surprise.
"...The rain still hasn't stopped."
"Yeah..."
Claire sighed softly.
"After the Principality of Rossvale's team abandoned this place, where could they have gone?"
"Already eliminated by other teams -- perhaps?"
"Given the level of power of those members of the Rupture Division, do you really think they could be eliminated so quickly?"
"However, only if that happened would the alliance invitation make perfect sense. Perhaps not completely eliminated, but their team must be half destroyed, in a state where they have no choice but to ally with others--"
"Impossible, right..."
Suddenly, what surfaced in Kamito's mind was--
The image of Team Inferno's black knight mentioned in his group's discussion this morning.
Also, the darkness spirit girl who took action together with the black knight.
(Restia...)
Seeing Kamito's gaze fall upon his left hand, Claire asked observantly.
"Say, Kamito--"
"What?"
"About that girl, could you tell me more?"
"That girl?"
"Your former contracted spirit -- that darkness spirit girl."
"Didn't you say I'm not allowed to talk about other girls?"
"Only now do I allow you."
Kamito sighed lightly.
He shifted his gaze slightly from Claire's bare body that was being illuminated by the campfire's flames--
"She -- Restia was responsible for teaching me back at the Instructional School."
"Teaching... Combat skills?"
"No, she taught me everything -- Absolutely everything."
That's right, what she taught me was not limited to battle-related skills.
She also returned to Kamito something precious he had lost.
"Really... Is that all?"
Claire looked pleadingly at Kamito as she asked.
"What do you mean by that?"
"Umm, that is..."
Faced with Kamito's counter question, Claire stammered as if she was at a loss for words--
Resolving herself, she spoke up.
"T-That... K-Kissed, you must have done it with the darkness spirit girl."
"...Huh?"
Kamito's face twitched.
"Did you actually... S-See that!?"
He recalled what happened during the night of the ball held in the castle at Ragna Ys.
In order to search for Claire who had disappeared after an argument, he met Restia who had suddenly appeared in the garden.
"I wasn't peeking intentionally! I-It was just coincidence, at the courtyard by chance I saw..."
"Don't have strange misunderstandings, okay? I was ambushed by a surprise attack."
Kamito explained desperately... Why did it sound so much like an excuse?
"...However, you're quite obsessed with that girl."
"That's only natural. She is my precious contracted spirit."
"..."
--That's not right. Kamito knew very well himself.
As an elementalist, treasuring one's contracted spirit was of course perfectly natural--
But to Kamito, Restia was a special existence not only because she was his contracted spirit.
(She gave me light... Or rather, to me back then, she was the very light itself.)
Claire did not seem satisfied with Kamito's answer.
Unhappily, she pouted those cute lips of hers.
"So, how many times in total?"
"Eh?"
"...O-Of course I'm referring to kissing. How many times?"
"W-Why are you asking a question like that!?"
"As your master, it is naturally necessary for me to know about the slave's affairs."
Claire replied with her face all red.
"...Answer me honestly. How many times have you kissed?"
"...Who knows."
Kamito replied stiffly.
"What, you're trying to dodge the question?"
"Why must I answer this type of question?"
"T-That is... What, are you actually angry?"
"I am not angry."
"...Clearly you're angry."
Claire pouted, sulking a little.
Apparently, the young lady was displeased.
Speaking of which, Kamito never expected Claire to be so concerned about the matter of Restia.
Just earlier, she seemed so happy -- almost like the weather of this Ragna Ys.
Kamito sighed and looked out the cave.
Outside conditions were basically a storm. Violent winds were blowing and the rumble of thunder could be heard in the distance.
"...Thunder?"
Kamito suddenly looked up.
(--No wait, this isn't the sound of thunder!)
Listening carefully, he could hear the sound of blades clashing amidst the rumbling noises.
"--A blade dance in progress."
"What did you say?"
"The Rupture Division might be engaged in battle with others right now -- Hurry!"
Swiftly putting on his uniform that had yet to dry, Kamito grabbed the Demon Slayer resting against the wall and rushed out.
Kamito and Claire equipped their elemental waffen as they ran.
In this storm, the sound of blades clashing was gradually getting closer.
The instant Kamito chopped down the tree before him, his view widened immediately.
An empty clearing in the forest--
"...!?"
A group of elementalists were collapsed on the ground.
The three girls' uniforms were very familiar -- that of Areishia Spirit Academy.
"They are Team Wyvern!?"
Claire exclaimed loudly as she caught up.
Likewise, they were representatives of Areishia Spirit Academy. A team formed from outstanding upperclassmen.
After Velsaria withdrew from the competition, these girls ascended to the spot of the Academy's top team.
The Ordesia Empire's most anticipated team.
But currently, three of them had fallen in this unusual situation.
Kamito instantly ran to the side of one of the upperclassman girls.
"...Hey, what happened here? Who defeated you?"
"Hmm... You're, that one from Raven Class, the male elementalist..."
The girl's lips quivered faintly. She was still conscious apparently.
"On the other side of these woods, our comrades are fighting--"
--Suddenly Kamito felt a terrifying sense of chill from behind.
The girl was pointing to the other side of the trees -- where a most ominous and frightening presence could be sensed.
"Kamito..."
"Yeah."
Kamito nodded lightly.
(...No doubt about it. It's that person's aura!)
The sound of swords clashing could be heard from the other side.
"Let's go... Est!"
Kamito released the power of the Demon Slayer all at once.
A dazzling silver-white glow emanated from the sword's blade.
Cutting down all the trees that lay in his path, he exited the forest--
Entering his view was a knight wielding a black sword to attack a girl.
Expressionless, eyes flashing red, the pitch black knight -- Nepenthes Lore.
Kamito rushed forward without hesitation, performing a full-powered attack at the black knight.
A sharp metallic impact. Scattering sparks.
In that very instant, the black knight's sword was deflected slightly, embedding itself into the ground mere inches away from the girl's body.
The afterglow of the black knight's red gaze shifted towards Kamito.
(...I knew it, this is no ordinary elementalist!)
In order to protect the collapsed girl, Kamito readied his sword in both hands.
Just behind the black knight, there was another collapsed girl in the same Areishia uniform.
(...To have single-handedly defeated five elite elementalists!?)
Team Wyvern's girls were the highest level elementalists at the Academy.
Their abilities were definitely no less than Claire and the girls--
"Kamito, stop taking action all on your own!"
Using Flametongue to burn away the trees in the forest, Claire arrived at the battlefield. She shuddered at the sight of the black knight, but instantly she understood the situation and circled around to a position where she could launch a pincer attack in concert with Kamito.
"Cough... The male elementalist, as well as the sister of the Calamity Queen..."
Behind him, the upperclassman girl protected by Kamito was moaning painfully.
Clearly he was here to protect her group, yet her eyes glared hatefully at him.
"This is my affection as a fellow representative of the Academy. I'm here to help your team, Senpai."
Kamito spoke stiffly as he glared at the black knight before him.
Even though the girls were fellow representatives of the Ordesia Empire, this did not imply they were his comrades exactly.
Nevertheless, he could not stand back and watch fellow students from the Academy being tormented so one-sidedly.
"Your help is not needed!"
"...I see. Oh well, think of this as us starting a blade dance on our own then."
As he faced off against the black knight, Kamito calmly assessed the surrounding terrain.
On the right side was the forest Kamito just exited. The left side was a massive cliff.
The thunderous sound of a waterfall could be heard coming from the bottom of the cliff. Although it was impossible to confirm visually from this position, surely falling down the cliff would be fatal.
(...A fight near the cliff would put me at a great disadvantage.)
Although Kamito was highly skilled with sword techniques, his arm strength was clearly inferior to the enemy's.
In a direct confrontation, he would probably be suppressed completely.
(In that case, this next attack will decide the outcome of the battle--)
Pouring divine power into the Demon Slayer, Kamito leaped from the muddy ground.
"I'm relying on you, Est!"
As Kamito rushed forward, at the same time--
"I'll turn you into charcoal!"
Claire attacked with Flametongue.
Through their training at the Academy, Kamito and Claire's coordination with each other had already improved dramatically.
Infused with scorching flames of conflagration, Flametongue wrapped itself around the black knight's wrist just as the sword was raised.
However, accompanied by a terrifying roar, the black knight easily snapped Flametongue in two.
Even though Claire's elemental waffe was capable of ensnaring first class militarized spirits, under this pouring rain, spirits of the flame attribute could not unleash their full power here.
Naturally, Claire herself was well aware of that fact. Her efforts were fully intended to play a support role for Kamito.
It was only a tiny opening. But Kamito definitely would not fail to seize the opportunity.
With even faster speed, he swung down the Demon Slayer -- !
Infusing the sacred sword with maximum divine power, this strike was not one that could be blocked by just an arm-guard.
(--Success!)
Just as Kamito firmly believed victory was in his grasp, in that very instant.
The black knight vanished. Kamito was almost convinced the knight had sunk into the mud from the impact only to discover his opponent had instead leaped over an unimaginably vast distance.
"...Wha!?"
Kamito was dumbfounded. This was not an action a knight in heavy armor could perform.
(...Impossible!? A human body could not possibly move like that--)
Roaring, the black knight began to charge, producing wind pressure that swept up dust from the ground.
Kamito readied his stance once more and swiftly analyzed the situation.
Even as the strongest class of elemental waffe, Terminus Est had her weakness.
Namely, overwhelming consumption -- vast amounts of divine power were depleted from the wielder.
Compared to the very beginning, Kamito was now able to control power consumption much more easily. Nevertheless, he still could only sustain the released state briefly for mere minutes.
(Plus this storm here, this is gonna be tough...)
In the context of blade dancing where split-second actions could decide the victor, the effect of strong winds could not be ignored. Without being blessed with wind protection, it was impossible for an elementalist to perform high level sword skills in such conditions.
Kamito felt his uniform clinging heavily against his skin, drenched with rainwater. The muddy ground also confused his sense of balance.
Furthermore, the black knight who had evaded Kamito's attack moved in an extraordinary manner.
These were neither the swordsmanship of a proper knight nor the myriad varied skills of an assassin.
These were motions Kamito had never witnessed before.
(I should be able to evade this attack -- but I can't predict the one afterwards at all!)
With horrifying pressure, the jet black great sword approached.
(--In that case, I have to defeat him directly head on!)
Kamito made his decision. He believed in the power of his most excellent partner, Est.
"--Dispassionate Queen of Steel, may you crush all enemies before you!"
"What are you trying to do, Kamito!? Hurry and evade!"
Ignoring Claire's scream-like cry, Kamito stepped forward instead.
"Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!"
Swinging the Demon Slayer down hard from overhead, he struck the jet black great sword.
With an eruption of light, the shockwave shook the air.
In that instant, with an intense showering of sparks, the jet black blade was completely shattered.
Apparently, the great sword was not an elemental waffe but a sword materialized using spirit magic. That sort of thing could not possibly withstand an attack from the strongest sword spirit.
"The name of the Demon Slayer is not just for show!"
He had no idea what kind of moves the black knight was using.
But Kamito believed firmly.
(...It's fine! The way I am now, I cannot lose!)
As he prepared to make a thrust -- at that moment.
Numerous jet black chains sprouted from the gaps in the dark armor, flying towards Kamito to ensnare him.
"Wha!?"
Kamito reacted immediately, crouching down on the ground to evade the attack.
"Kamito!"
Claire swung Flametongue and severed the chains with a crimson flash--
However, the jet black chains swiftly regenerated and targeted the girl collapsed behind Kamito.
"...This is bad!"
Kamito smacked his lips, discovering that he was not the target.
Captured by the chains, the girl screamed briefly.
Her whole body convulsed violently, then went limp as she lost consciousness.
(Chains formed by magic -- was that group from just now also defeated by these chains!?)
The chains slid back to the black knight's side--
In the next instant, black mist spewed out from the crevices of the armor.
"...Wha!?"
Kamito's entire body shuddered.
The unidentified sense of pressure given off by the black knight expanded all at once.
"Could it be, the absorption of divine power...?"
Claire was so shocked her voice trembled. At this moment--
"--Oh my, I never expected to run into the wolf himself while chasing after little rabbits."
"...!?"
The voice coming from the air was--
Kamito's expression instantly froze.
Beside the black knight, dense darkness descended.
The swirling darkness gradually took on the form of a black-winged angel possessing otherworldly beauty.
The darkness spirit who appeared was a girl with lustrous long black hair. Her dusk-colored eyes carried a sense of melancholy.
"Restia...!"
Kamito forgot to raise his sword and called out the name of his past contracted spirit.
"I didn't expect to meet you here... Kamito."
The darkness spirit girl smiled tenderly at Kamito.
This was a pure and innocent smile, exactly the same as in the past.
"...I didn't want to meet you in a place like this!"
Kamito silently shook his head.
During the morning meeting, he had already found out the fact she was acting together with the black knight.
Nevertheless, his heart had not accepted it entirely.
As soon as he pictured her performing a blade dance together with an elementalist apart from him--
He felt an intense stabbing pain in his heart.
(...Ah yes, I must be feeling jealousy.)
Calmly admitting to this fact, Kamito secretly laughed wryly at himself.
To think he actually harbored such a childish emotion.
"--That one there is your new contractor?"
Kamito questioned with frustrated impatience he could not hide.
"Let's not joke around. I have always been yours, Kamito... As long as you wish it to be so."
"..."
Kamito tightly gripped his leather gloved left hand.
"This is Nepenthes Lore -- the successor to the previous Demon King."
As if deriving pleasure from Kamito's reaction, Restia smiled mischievously.
"...Successor to the Demon King?"
"Or perhaps the Demon King's Will -- that would be a more appropriate name. That said, just as I expected, the current power is still insufficient. More sacrifices are necessary."
"...What are you talking about?"
Claire interjected with great acuity in her tone of voice.
"Oh my, isn't this Miss Hell Cat? Hello to you there. I'm sorry I didn't get to greet you at the garden the other day."
"Ah, you knew I was there!"
The twintails stood up in surprise.
"Restia, what are your intentions... Why did you enter this Blade Dance?"
Kamito asked coldly.
As a result, Restia lightly closed her dusk-colored eyes--
"--I still have a Wish that must be realized."
"Wish? Your Wish three years ago, I already--"
Halfway through -- Kamito cut himself off.
Claire was still present. He could not let her know what happened three years ago.
"Know your place, darkness spirit. I don't care whether you are Kamito's contracted spirit. He is currently a member of Team Scarlet and my slave spirit. I will definitely not let you do as you please."
"Oh my, what are you going to do to me? Miss Hell Cat."
Restia glared coldly at Claire.
Lifting an index finger, she pointed straight at Claire's chest.
Her adorable lips began to chant a spirit language incantation--
(That's...!)
Kamito hastily came to his senses and rushed over.
An extremely small pitch black sphere of thunder had formed at Restia's fingertip.
"Claire Rouge, even though she had said you were not to be attacked under any circumstance--"
The black-winged angel displayed a merciless smile--
"You will surely become a hindrance to his awakening -- Hence, you shall disappear right here."
The expanding ball of thunder was released from her fingertip.
Hell Blast -- the strongest class of spirit magic under the darkness attribute.
Let alone a human's mortal body, even mid class spirits would be instantly destroyed on contact.
"Claire--!"
"Kamito!?"
Claire's eyes stared wide in surprise.
Infusing the Demon Slayer with maximum divine power, Kamito rushed before the ball of thunder.
Gambling everything upon Terminus Est's trait of magical resistance, he used the blade to block the expanding ball of thunder.
"AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!"
Intense pain attacked his entire body. Unable to endure for but an instant, he lost consciousness in less than a second.
Blown away flying by the exploding thunder and lightning, Kamito fell down the waterfall.
"--Kamito!"

A youth was standing alone in this icy-cold darkness, a room that resembled a prison.
This was a young black-haired boy with fine facial features.
No light could be reflected from those hollow eyes of his.
At the youth's feet, several strongly built men were collapsed on the floor groaning.
"--Finished. What is the next training activity?"
It was a crisp voice that matched the child's age.
However, the voice was overwhelmingly devoid of natural emotion.
Observing from outside the room, the elders of the Instructional School were thrown into quite a commotion.
"There can be no doubt. He must be the promised child."
"Unmistakably, he is the one who inherited the Demon King's power."
All the men fallen on the ground were fairly accomplished assassins with substantial reputations in the underground circuit.
But in a mere matter of minutes, they were single-handedly defeated by a boy.
The boy's breathing had not even quickened the slightest from the exertion.
"What training is next?"
The boy asked again.
"The next opponent is not human--"
"...So, a beast from Astral Zero? Or perhaps, a spirit?"
The youth no longer had any emotion known as fear. In the past, human feelings once existed in his heart but they had all been destroyed a long time ago.
"--A spirit."
"Understood. All I need to do is crush that fellow like these guys, right?"
"...Correct."
The elders nodded.
"Well then, where's the spirit?"
The boy imagined a spirit resembling a giant beast.
However--
"Over here."
Appearing before the boy was a most adorable girl.
Slightly taller than the boy.
Lustrous black hair that reached waist-length. Dusk-colored eyes that seemed as if they drew your soul into them.
The boy widened his eyes in amazement.
It was quite a rare occasion for him to reveal a surprised expression.
"...A girl?"
"--Nice to meet you, Kamito."
Lifting the hem of her dress that resembled the color of midnight, she bowed to Kamito to perform a formal curtsy.
"The darkness spirit, Restia -- the highest ranking spirit in service of the previous Demon King."
"This person, is a spirit...?"
It was only natural for the boy to be in doubt.
Up to this point, he had never met a spirit in human form.
"Amongst the highest ranking spirits, there exist those who maintain human form."
"She shall instruct you to reach further heights."
The elders' voices resounded within the prison-like room.
However, their words barely reached the youth's ears.
Completely unbelievable--
Watching mesmerized -- because of this beautiful darkness spirit girl.
"Pleased to make your acquaintance, Kamito."
The darkness spirit smiled shyly and extended her hand towards the boy.
Suddenly, the boy swatted her hand away.
"Don't touch me. You will break, just like those guys fallen over there."
"--Is that so? How I look forward to your performance."
He did not miss the slightly hurt expression that only flashed across the girl's face momentarily--
The boy felt a mysterious sense of turmoil stirring within himself.
"Guh... Ahhh... Ahhhhhhhhhhhhh!"
Kamito awoke with the feeling of searing pain as if being burned.
"Hah, hah, hah... Guh..."
Burying his fingernails deep into his skin, he could not stop the exploding pain in his chest.
Enduring the intense pain as he lay on the ground -- finally, his breathing returned to normal.
"This place... Is...?"
Looking up, he surveyed his surroundings.
He could hear the sound of rain in the distance. But nothing could be seen with virtually no light.
This appeared to be the interior of a cave. The sound of water dripping could be heard.
As icy-cold water droplets fell upon his forehead, Kamito was finally able to ponder calmly.
(Right. After being hit by Restia's thunder attack, I fell down the cliff--)
Had it been a direct hit, he would have died instantly on the spot without any doubt. Without the protection of the Demon Slayer's strong magical resistance, his body would have been destroyed before he even hit the water.
"Right -- Where's Est!?"
He frantically searched his surroundings but the cave interior was too dark.
(Could it be that she fell into the river!?)
As soon as this possibility crossed his mind, Kamito's face went pale.
Due to Est and Kamito's contract being in an incomplete state, Kamito was unable to summon her at will from a distance unlike other elementalists.
Just as he was about to take out a spirit crystal from his uniform's pocket for illumination--
"--Did you wake up? Kazehaya Kamito."
"...!?"
A cold indifferent voice sounded out from the depths of the darkness.
Instantly, dazzling light filled the interior of the cave.
Over there was a girl holding a piece of spirit crystal for lighting.
Her knightly uniform was made of white fabric decorated with red linear designs. Her dark brown hair wavered in the wind.
Most striking of all -- were those eyes of hers that glittered like brilliant gemstones on her prim and proper face.
An azure right eye and an amber-colored left eye -- heterochromia.
Watching the mysterious heterochromic eyes of the beautiful girl, Kamito stared at her mesmerized, completely ignoring his lying down posture.
"Did you wake up -- I asked you a question, right?"
The girl walked over to Kamito and crouched down.
He could almost catch a glimpse of her skirt's underside. Kamito frantically averted his gaze.
"...Did you save me?"
The girl nodded.
"You lost consciousness by the river. You were lucky to have made contact with my detection barrier."
"...I see. Thanks for saving me."
Kamito stood up unsteadily and bowed his head to the girl.
The girl looked up and frowned with amazement.
"You're not wary of me? On this stage of the Blade Dance festival, do know that we are elementalists of opposing teams."
"I can't do anything so rude as to act wary towards my savior."
"Perhaps I have ulterior motives for saving you."
"Even so, that doesn't change the fact that you saved me. Also--"
Kamito shrugged as he spoke.
"You don't look like a villain. That's what my instincts tell me."
"..."
The heterochromia girl sighed as if exasperated.
Despite her clearly child-like face, her manner of speaking was very adult.
Wearing a white uniform with red designs, which country's representative is she--
At this moment, Kamito noticed the sword lying against the wall behind the girl.
"..Est!"
No mistake about it. That was Kamito's partner.
"This is your sword. Fallen into the riverbed, I fished it out of the water--"
Before she finished her sentence, Kamito instantly tried to run over--
"Gwaaaaah!"
Intense pain erupted all over his body, forcing him to collapse to the ground.
...Looks like bones were broken in many places.
"Do not move. Kazehaya Kamito, your body has not recovered yet."
"Looks like it... By the way, why do you know my name?"
"Isn't it only natural to remember the names of all the Blade Dance participants? Besides, you are the only male elementalist."
"...I see."
Actually, memorizing all the names of the participants was quite an achievement--
At this time -- Kamito suddenly remembered.
"I recall now, this uniform... You're from the Principality of Rossvale!"
"Correct, I am the leader of the Rupture Division -- Milla Bassett."
The girl with heterochromic eyes announced her name without any change in tone.
Facing the girl, Kamito crossed his legs and sat on the cave floor.
Milla Bassett -- leader of the Rupture Division, was the youngest elementalist participating in this Blade Dance.
Even though self-introductions had been made, Kamito still felt rather puzzled.
No matter how he looked, this was just a young and beautiful girl. He could not feel from her any aura belonging to an ace-level elementalist like Velsaria or Leonora.
Instead, there was a dream-like quality that seemed to instill others with an impulse to protect her unconditionally.
(...Well, judging an elementalist by first impressions is very dangerous.)
Kamito muttered to himself then started asking the girl who sat before him.
"We came over here to negotiate our alliance with the Rupture Division, but your team did not appear at the appointed location. What happened, could you explain properly?"
"I must apologize to you on this point. I never expected the black knight to chase all the way into my team's stronghold."
"The black knight -- you mean the elementalist from Team Inferno?"
"Yes. The Rupture Division was destroyed by that black knight."
"Destroyed... Single-handedly?"
Indeed, that black knight -- Nepenthes Lore was definitely no ordinary elementalist.
However, if even the famed and powerful Rupture Division was destroyed--
Including Team Wyvern who fought above the cliff, there were now three teams vanquished by that monster.
"Furthermore, the black knight absorbs the divine power of elementalists, becoming ever stronger."
"Yes, I've already seen that."
Kamito did not know what kind of ability it was, but the black knight had used jet black chains to capture elementalists and absorb their divine power.
Kamito was still able to put up a fight earlier, but if this absorption of divine power continued, it would be impossible to oppose the black knight eventually.
"However, at the current time, there should still be a way to resist."
"--Which is why the alliance invitation was sent."
"Correct, an alliance lasting until the black knight's defeat. Although I cannot tell you concrete details about its abilities, the holy spirit contracted to me is extremely powerful. Your team will surely benefit from my assistance."
Her proposal was quite simple.
An alliance with Team Scarlet to oppose Nepenthes Lore.
"...Let me consider this for a bit."
"No problem."
An alliance proposed by a team facing imminent defeat.
Kamito pondered the implications--
What Milla Bassett needed was actually protection under the guise of an alliance.
The rules of the Blade Dance festival stipulated that so long as one member of the team survived, the rest of the team could still participate in the finals. But in actual practice, it was not quite possible for a single person to collect enough magic stones to qualify without the help of three or four teammates.
(Hence, she needs us to be her comrades...)
Also, her allying with Team Scarlet would bring benefits.
The holy spirit contracted to Milla Bassett.
Given a holy spirit that held a strong advantage against darkness spirits, this could serve as a final trump card to resist Restia and Nepenthes Lore.
(...It does make a lot of sense. There should be no trap by this point.)
If this were a trap, there would be no point in helping Kamito. She could simply have stolen his magic stone while he was unconscious.
Also, if allowed to power up continually, Nepenthes Lore would become Kamito and his team's greatest threat eventually.
(...When that time comes, would I really be able to win?)
Calmly, he went over his memories.
Rather than the strongest blade dancer of three years ago --Kamito only had the power of his currently weakened state.
Claire, Ellis, Fianna, Rinslet... He recalled the faces of these four young ladies.
(With my power alone, will I be able to protect this important team?)
Alternating his gaze between the leather gloved left hand and the right hand that was branded with the sword emblem of the spirit seal --
Kamito finally responded.
"The alliance will last until the defeat of the black knight -- Nepenthes Lore, is that okay?"
"No problem. However, for the duration of the alliance, the distribution of acquired magic stones must be fair and equitable."
"Yes, I understand."
There were no objections on either side.
Setting a limited duration for the alliance was necessary at the very start. Since only four teams could reach the finals, allying to the very end would be a most naive notion.
"I have a question."
"What is it?"
"Why did you choose us to propose an alliance?"
Kamito was not suspicious -- it was simply out of curiosity.
"...What do you mean by that?"
"Even if you just consider the Academy's representatives, Team Scarlet is only ranked third. There are higher ranking teams -- for example, isn't Team Wyvern's stronghold quite close to yours?"
"Rankings are simply based on results at the Academy."
Milla stated monotonously.
"Kazehaya Kamito -- you are an extremely powerful elementalist."
"Not really--"
"You cannot play dumb. Last night, your blade dance with Leonora Lancaster--"
"You saw it..."
Kamito groaned with displeasure.
Speaking of which, the barrier had been damaged at the time and completely lost function. It would have been possible for spirit-sharing scouting spirits to invade the stronghold.
"At the time, all members of the Rupture Division were convinced that Team Scarlet would be eliminated the first day. However, you defeated Leonora instead."
"--I didn't win. At best you can call it a draw."
Kamito shrugged.
"Furthermore -- for you in particular, a certain negotiation technique is effective."
Milla glared coldly at Kamito.
"Huh?"
"The Principality of Rossvale's intelligence division has already discovered your fetish for young girls."
"What kind of intelligence is that!?"
"No need to deny it. It's not a problem."
"I'm not denying anything!"
"Reportedly, a fully nude young girl accompanies you in your sleep."
"...!"
In a certain sense, this was indeed the truth.
"N-Not completely nude... Est's is called the naked kneesocks look!"
"...Not a problem. This particular fetish is already known."
"That's not a fetish! Seriously, the Principality of Rossvale's intelligence is quite amazing in a certain sense..."
There had been rumors of spies from other countries amongst the students at Areishia Spirit Academy. Clearly they were not unfounded.
"Let me be clear, naked kneesocks is definitely not my fetish!"
"Rest assured, I will service you in kneesocks as well."
"...Eh?"
Ignoring Kamito's troubled expression--
Milla began to undress.
"This is my first time, so I have no idea if I will do a good job..."
With unfamiliar movements, she undid the buttons of her uniform one after another.
Just as she was about to unbuckle her skirt--
"W-Wait a minute, what are you doing!?"
Kamito frantically grabbed the young girl's slender wrist.
Milla was surprised.
"...Isn't this what all men want?"
"N-No that's not it, so listen to me..."
From the gap in her unbuttoned shirt, her cute underwear was visible. This was really too stimulating a sight.
Monotonously, Milla spoke--
"Or what you're trying to say is, a thirteen-year-old body is not good enough?"
"Uwaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah, j-just put on your clothes first, then we'll talk!"
Kamito yelled and stood up. In an absolute state of panic, he swiftly helped her put on the uniform jacket she had taken off.
"...Dressing in this way is more to your tastes?"
"No! Seriously, I can't understand you. Aren't we here to negotiate the alliance?"
"...Seduction has always been a very effective maneuver for winning over males."
"You, so that's what you're trying to pull..."
Kamito sighed deeply.
...I see, she was convinced that this would easily win over a man.
"Even if you don't do that, we will still form an alliance with you."
"...Really?"
Milla's heterochromic eyes blinked repeatedly.
"That's right. So don't do that anymore. Don't use your body as a tool."
"..."
Kamito placed his hand on the head of the surprised girl.
"Team Scarlet and the Rupture Division are hereby allied."
"Is that so... Very well then."
Milla breathed a sigh of relief.
--To be honest, the benefits of the alliance were not that pivotal for Team Scarlet.
A spirit of holy alignment was indeed useful but not critical.
However, this girl was Kamito's savior.
Furthermore, seeing this girl all alone having lost all her companions, Kamito felt that he could not leave her alone.
(...Looks like I'm really bad at dealing with abandoned kittens.)
Recalling the image of the twintailed hell cat girl, Kamito smiled wryly.
...Though he was also worried about Claire, he was sure she would not be taken out so easily--
Suddenly, Kamito noticed Milla was staring intently at him.
"W-What is it?"
"Kazehaya Kamito, if you don't bend down, we cannot exchange the Oath of alliance."
"Oh I see..."
The term 'Oath' was used for the ritual where elementalists exchanged vows.
It was quite commonly used when exchanging important promises.
If an elementalist were to break the Oath, that person would suffer harsh punishment. For example, they would be viewed as an enemy by the spirits and be cut off from the blessing of the leylines for the long term. Depending on the severity of circumstances, they could even lose the power to summon contracted spirits.
Kamito bent over to roughly Milla's height and raised his right thumb.
Likewise, Milla raised her thumb and pressed it against Kamito's.
"In the name of the Elemental Lords I hereby swear. Even if the heavens collapse and the earth splits open--"
"The contract we hereby exchange shall never be breached. Or else--"
"I shall be incinerated in eternal conflagration, until my shadow turns to ash--"
An oath composed using spirit language.
And the final step--
"...!?"
Milla stood slightly on tiptoe and kissed Kamito on the cheek.
"...Wha! Y-You, just now--"
"A kiss is necessary to establish an Oath. You can't possibly not know that, right?"
Milla continued to speak in monotone.
"That's true, but still..."
Kamito scratched his head, greatly troubled.
...Kissing girls was really too embarrassing.
Oh well, there were no rules requiring the location of the kiss to be the mouth -- that was his only salvation.
After a moment of bewilderment, Kamito--
Kissed Milla lightly on the back of her hand.
"Is this fine now?"
"...How surprising. An unexpected gentleman."
"Please get rid of that redundant 'unexpected'..."
Grumbling with displeasure, Kamito reached for Est resting against the wall.
His body was covered with injuries but not to the point of preventing him from walking.
"I plan on meeting up with my comrades, can we set off now?"
"I agree. Even though there is a barrier here, there is no guarantee that this place is safe."
The pair left the cave to discover the sky had already darkened.
Although not as severe as during the storm earlier, the rain still continued nonstop.
Looking up to find the cliff where he had fallen off, Kamito sighed.
...To think he was saved despite falling from that height.
(Hopefully, Claire was fine...)
Meanwhile, within the forest stronghold, Ellis and Rinslet were preparing food.
In the stone pile on the riverside, a spirit crystal with a sealed flame spirit was glowing red.
Even though it was raining, thanks to Ellis' barrier of wind, there was no worry of the food getting wet from the rain.
"...It's getting dark."
Stirring the pot, Rinslet murmured with worry.
"Will Claire and Kamito-san be fine?"
"Worried about them?"
"O-Of course not... Ouch hot!"
Panicking, Rinslet splashed soup on her hand.
"There is no need to worry about those two. After all, their grades in practical training are top in school."
Ellis added to the pot sliced pieces of fish caught from the river.
"That's true..."
Rinslet sucked her slightly burned fingertip--
"But still, Kamito does hold the nickname of the Demon King of the Night, I'm really worried what he might do to the girls he's negotiating with..."
"Oooh..."
Ellis could not help but pause in her preparation of the fish.
"I-Indeed that is quite worrying. Of course, I-I am worrying about the girls on the other team."
"Y-Yes, I am worried about those girls too!"
"B-But even if Kamito is known as the King of Lust, he cannot possibly make a move on a thirteen-year-old, right?"
"Let me tell you a secret, a few days ago, Kamito-san, he did indeed say he wanted to try a sister sandwich with me and my nine-year-old little sister Mireille!"
...Although this did not actually occur, these delusions were as good as true from Rinslet's perspective.
"W-What did you say!? I am so jeal... Must condemn such indecency!"
Ellis stabbed the kitchen knife hard into the cutting board.
"...Seriously. How should I say this. Kamito is that kind of natural--"
"Natural public enemy of womankind!"
"T-That is so right. That guy keeps saying all these shocking things all of a sudden."
"That's right! H-He makes my heart race, c-causing me to act strangely!"
"Y-Yes. Listening to Kamito talk is bad for the heart... Hence, that guy is the public enemy of womankind!"
The two nodded vigorously in complete agreement.
...Taking advantage of his absence, they pulled no punches in badmouthing him behind his back.
However, what was unbelievable was that they were not actually angry with him.
"Oh my, this smells really good."
Fianna arrived and peered at the soup in the boiling pot.
"If you don't mind, how about I help as well?"
"We have enough help here!"
"Please have a well-deserved break, Your Highness the imperial princess."
Rinslet and Ellis shook their heads vigorously.
They were both well aware of Fianna's horrifying cooking skills.
"Come on... Don't leave me out alone."
Just as Fianna pouted --
Rustle -- The trees in the distance rocked violently.
"...!?"
The trio exchanged glances with one another in surprise.
If the visitor was hostile, then the barrier would have alerted them on contact--
As it turned out, the one who appeared out from the trees was a hell cat spirit wrapped in weak flames.
Due to the rain, it had become especially feeble.
"Scarlet!?"
"Did Claire and Kamito return?"
The trio rushed over to the hell cat spirit who was about to disappear.
With the last of its strength, Scarlet pointed its burning tail towards the thicket. Completely exhausted, it dispelled its material body and disappeared into thin air.
The three girls hastily pushed aside the shrubbery and found--
"Claire!?"
Drenched with rain and covered in mud, Claire lay there fallen.
Her prided twintails scattered and disheveled. There were also wounds all over her smooth skin.
"...What on earth could have happened!?"
"...O-Oooh..."
From Claire's lips came weak panting.
"--She's still conscious. I will perform healing magic. Hurry and prepare the tools for the ritual."
Fianna gave orders with a tense expression.
"Don't worry about me, so..."
Panting painfully, Claire spoke desperately with trembling lips.
"Ka... mito... Hurry and save him, Kamito...!"

Several days had passed since the boy encountered the darkness spirit girl.
His mind and body were completely defeated.
"Guh... Ah..."
Until this point, he had always had the confidence to overcome any of his training no matter how harsh or deadly.
In fact, there were many other children who had been brought to this place like him, but they had lost their lives instead.
No one expressed any mourning, sympathy or commendation towards their deaths. To the elders of the Instructional School, they were simply dismissed and disqualified, then tragically abandoned like broken tools.
This was the kind of hell where the boy survived.
He even obtained the power to crush a group of skilled assassins with his bare hands.
Nevertheless, this was only child's play.
In the last few days, that was what the boy discovered beyond a doubt.
"...Are you okay, Kamito?"
The darkness spirit girl watched Kamito with eyes of worry as he lay on the ground.
"...Don't... Touch me...!"
"...I'm sorry."
With a pained expression, the girl stopped herself from helping him up.
"Don't be angry. After all, my mission is to make you stronger."
"...Angry?"
The boy glared at the girl.
"Are you insulting me? --I have no feelings. I am simply a tool for murder."
The boy forced his body to get up despite it being covered with wounds.
Contrary to his claim, his inner heart was in turmoil.
It was neither anger nor hate, but some other -- emotion.
Hence, he absolutely must eliminate this emotion. Absolutely.
In order to become the perfect killing tool.
"Killing you is the order assigned to me. Hence -- I am only executing my mission."
"--Yes yes, that's right. Hurry and kill me then, Kamito."
Kamito and Milla left the cave and walked through the forest in the night.
The area was completely dark. Without the spirit crystal for illumination, he would not have been able to see even his feet.
Terrifying spirits of the night were beginning to become active, and the cries of beasts could be heard from the distance.
"Kamito."
"...Hmm?"
Noticing a tug on his sleeve, Kamito turned his head.
"It is already late night. Trying to march in haste would be dangerous."
Indeed, night was the time when beasts and hated demon spirits became active.
Walking in the forest at this time was not a wise decision.
"No problem. I am already used to blade dancing at night."
Kamito tried to reassure her.
In reality, he had undergone combat training in a zero visibility space during his time at the Instructional School. To a professional assassin, this could be considered a basic combat skill.
"Blade dancing at night..."
Milla suddenly turned her gaze to Kamito with eyes of despise.
"Wait a minute, I'm not talking about some kind of nuanced euphemism for nocturnal activities!"
"I did not say anything of that sort."
Milla answered softly with mild surprise.
"Let's walk a bit further. After all, there's no way to camp in a forest like this."
"Understood."
Milla nodded.
"Are you afraid? ...If that's the case, would you like to hold hands?"
"Holding a girl's hand in a dark forest... That is completely the action of a kidnapping criminal."
"You..."
Kamito sighed with his eyes half-closed--
"Duck down quickly!"
Suddenly sensing something unusual, he hurriedly pushed her down onto the grass.
"...Kamito."
"Be quiet."
Kamito whispered by Milla's ear.
Above their heads, a blue-white fireball flew past.
The fireball constantly changed its shape as it flickered, circling around in the forest nonstop.
Probably a scouting spirit released by some team... It would be troublesome if Kamito and Milla were discovered.
The spirit circled for a while before disappearing into the depths of the forest.
"Hoo..."
Kamito wiped the sweat off his head. Although scouting spirits could be eliminated instantly, that act would be akin to exposing his position to the elementalist sharing vision with the spirit.
He was still suffering from wounds from falling off the cliff and his body had also accumulated quite a lot of fatigue.
To be honest, in his current condition it would be best to avoid enemy attacks.
"Kamito--"
"Hmm?"
"It's probably time for you to move."
"...S-Sorry!?"
His hand happened to be positioned on her chest.
Kamito frantically got up... The soft sensation still lingering on his hand.
"Since it was an emergency situation, I will let it slide."
Milla did not seem to mind. Patting the dust away from her skirt, she stood up.
Even though she was only thirteen years old, did she not feel even a bit embarrassed -- ?
Heightening their alertness, they continued their way through the forest.
"By the way--"
Kamito asked as they walked along the muddy ground.
"What kind of spirit did you contract with, Milla?"
Even though he knew it was a spirit with the holy attribute, there were still myriad forms. In terms of tendency, those that specialized in defense like Fianna's knight spirit Georgios were more common, but ultimately that was simply a tendency.
Variations in spirit type resulted in dramatic changes to the way they were used.
However, Milla quietly bowed her head.
"Even though our teams are allied, I cannot tell you. Because my spirit is a state secret."
"I see..."
Reaching a dead end, Kamito changed the subject.
"--So, is there a Wish you are trying to realize through this Blade Dance festival?"
Under normal conditions, this was a retarded question.
An elementalist who wanted to participate in the Blade Dance festival without her own wish could not possibly exist.
However, from this Milla Bassett girl--
Incredibly, Kamito could not sense that kind of motive.
Hence he was curious.
However.
"--There is none."
Milla replied.
"No? Without a Wish, then why--"
Why was she resorting to allying with another team, desperately trying to survive--
"I exist as a tool. As a tool, one must finish one's mission."
"...Tool?"
"...!?"
Kamito frowned with surprise.
If she called it a knight's loyalty it would have been fine -- but he felt that it was different from that.
Or rather, the impression he got from her, was a person who only lived to complete a certain goal -- in that case, tool was not an analogy but was meant literally.
(This girl...)
Kamito knew a boy who resembled this girl.
Having lost all hope, a boy who even forgot the feeling of despair in the end.
Abandoning everything that made him human, a boy who was cultivated as a tool.
(In that case, this girl is very similar to the orphan at the Instructional School -- 'my past self.' )
Perhaps this was one reason why he felt he could not abandon her no matter what.
"..."
"...What is it?"
The heterochromic eyes stared coldly at Kamito.
Her emotionless gaze was very similar to Kamito's before having met Restia.
"No, nothing... Let's go."
Kamito quietly shook his head and continued trudging through the mud.
"A-Ahh... Ka... mito... Kamito, he..."
Claire was lying on a simple futon in a tent.
Sweating profusely from head to toe, she was calling Kamito's name with an exceptionally suffering expression.
Her consciousness was still quite fuzzy and there was no life in her eyes.
"How's Claire's condition?"
Rinslet brought warm soup and asked with worry.
"A very high fever... It seems like she was running all the way through the rain."
Fianna quietly shook her head.
Claire's smooth skin was covered all over with scratches from branches.
"The wounds on her body are nothing serious, but if we don't do something about this high fever..."
"...Kamito... If we don't save him..."
"Currently, the Captain is summoning wind spirits to conduct a search. Once morning arrives, we will join the search party."
"...After all, the forest at night is too dangerous."
Fianna bit her lip with regret.
After being carried to the tent, Claire reported what had happened under her semi-conscious state.
The encounter in the forest with Team Inferno's black knight -- Nepenthes Lore, and the resulting battle.
In the midst of battle, in order to protect Claire, Kamito had fallen down a waterfall.
After that, Claire barely managed to evade the pursuit of the darkness spirit and the black knight. Trying to search for Kamito, somehow she lost consciousness when her physical endurance reached its limits. By the time she came to again, she found herself back in their stronghold -- that was basically what happened.
Apparently, based on the situation, Scarlet had decided to bring the exhausted master back.
"If we don't, hurry up... Kamito will..."
"Wait a minute, what are you trying to do! You still can't move!"
Seeing Claire attempting to get up from bed, Fianna, uncharacteristically, scolded her loudly .
"But Kamito fell down a waterfall because he was protecting me..."
Normally quite strong-willed, Claire's eyes were now weeping with streams of tears.
Using the sleeve of her uniform, she kept rubbing her eyes.
"Seriously, you've returned to that crybaby from before."
"...N-Nothing like that, I am not a crybaby!"
Claire retorted angrily to Rinslet.
"Walking through the forest with a body in that condition, you will quickly turn into food for the beasts. Or are you trying to waste Kamito-san's wish to protect you?"
Rinslet reprimanded sternly, giving Claire no choice but to quiet down.
"But..."
"First thing in the morning, we will all set off together. But for now, you have to rest properly and recover your energy."
Fianna patted Claire on the head gently.
"This is specialized sweet medicinal soup. Ah, your favorite, peaches were also added!"
Rinslet handed over the hot soup, still steaming.
"...T-Thank you."
In a rare moment of obedience, Claire nodded and sipped a mouthful of the medicinal soup.
"Delicious..."
"Kamito-san will surely return."
"Yes, that's right..."
--Leaving the tent, Fianna and Rinslet silently exchanged glances.
Claire's sobbing could be heard coming from inside the tent.
Presumably after drinking the warm medicinal soup, her tension relaxed all of a sudden.
At this moment, Ellis arrived with a solemn expression.
"How is Claire's condition?"
"If she rests properly, she should probably recover by tomorrow. However, the fact that Kamito-kun fell down a waterfall right before her eyes seems to have given her a great shock."
"I see..."
"Any progress in the search for Kamito-san?"
"Although I have spread wind spirits all around, nothing of value has been reported as of yet."
Ellis bit her lip regretfully.
"Kamito-kun..."
"...He will be fine, right?"
The three girls fell silent.
Like Claire, they were all extremely worried about Kamito.
Blown by the chilly wind of the night, the leaves in the trees rustled and swayed.
Intense sparks were scattering in the dark night.
"This thing, what a monster!"
A knight wielding a halberd elemental waffe cried out.
She was the vice-captain of Dracunia's Knights of the Dragon Emperor, Yuri El Cid.
Due to their large scale battle operations undertaken on the first day, the Knights of the Dragon Emperor had delayed their stronghold construction and were currently wandering the forest.
Teams without strongholds were regarded as perfect prey. However, despite the attack of enemies throughout their march, they still defeated all these reckless attackers without exception.
However, their third opponent was in a completely different class compared to the enemies earlier.
"Leonora-sama, this is no ordinary elementalist!"
"Beware of the black chains, those things seem to be able to absorb divine power!"
Wielding a great sword, Leonora Lancaster commanded her subordinates as she rushed forward.
As four dragon knights surrounded the black knight who melded with the darkness of the knight, Leonora valiantly charged.
The acute impacts of blades rang out.
The black knight and the dragon knight's swords clashed intensely.
"How shocking. Not only do they have the strongest blade dancer in their team, they also have this kind of troublesome--"
Leonora cried out in surprise.
The Dragon Slayer -- was without a doubt an elemental waffe of the highest class.
Nevertheless, the swings of her great sword were easily deflected by the black demon sword.
Furthermore, with each clash of the blades, the sharpness of the Dragon Slayer was steadily decreasing--
"A demon sword with darkness attributes eh? To think it could penetrate a dragon spirit's magical resistance...!"
As she took on the black demon sword's attacks--
"Well then, how about this move?"
Leonora chanted spirit magic.
"--Savor the dragon's roar, Dragon Ray!"
A burning crimson flash struck the black knight's helmet directly--
"Now is the moment, charge!"
Under the orders of the vice-captain, the dragon knights rushed forward.
Although not to the level of Leonora, each knight was a mighty and accomplished warrior.
As elemental waffen struck from all sides, the blades pierced the black knight's armor at the same time -- !
"Victory -- !"
Just as Yuri cheered loudly.
From the gaps in the armor, numerous black chains shot out like tentacles.
"...Cough... Hah...!"
Pierced in the chest by the jet black chains, the dragon knights all fell to the ground.
Nepenthes Lore delightfully emitted a fearsome roar.
Absorbing a massive amount of the girls' divine power--
"Impos... sible...!"
"Our elemental waffen should have pierced that armor...!"
Just as one girl captured by the chains lost consciousness--
"Curse you, monster -- !"
Leonora severed the black chains using the Dragon Slayer.
"Leonora-sama."
"Do not look down on the dragon of Dracunia...!"
Infusing her entire body's divine power into her elemental waffe, Leonora charged.
As she blocked the black knight's massive body alone, she yelled at the vice-captain behind her.
"Yuri, prepare to retreat -- this is no ordinary opponent."
"But our pride as the Dragon Knights of Dracunia, how could we be forced to retreat by a mere single elementalist--"
"Move it! Unless you want us all to fall right here!?"
"U-Understood -- !"
As expected of the Dragon Princess, Leonora had truly excellent instincts. Simply through several rounds of exchange, she had already realized the aberrant nature of the black knight before her.
Nepenthes Lore roared from beneath the armor.
The black knight's aura seemed far more powerful than before.
Yuri called her fire dragon spirit Lindwyrm to carry her unconscious teammate on its back. The two dragon knights who were still conscious also mounted their own dragon spirits.
Seeing they were ready, Leonora also returned the Dragon Slayer to the form of the black dragon Nidhogg and swiftly mounted its back.
Nepenthes Lore's sweeping demon sword produced jet-black lighting on its tip--
"--Retreat!"
At Leonora's command, the Knights of the Dragon Emperor flew away in a well-trained formation.
Immediately, the jet-black lightning exploded, destroying trees in the forest without leaving any trace behind.
--However, Leonora and her group were already gone.
Thanks to their strict regular training, Dracunia's knights had retreated in a most splendid fashion.
"..."
In the night forest, Nepenthes Lore's red eyes flashed with dazzling splendor.
The demon sword held in the black knight's hand disappeared as if melting away into the night sky.
A beautiful black-winged angel appeared out of the air, landing lightly on the ground.
The darkness spirit Restia, who had transformed herself into an elemental waffe by her own will just now.
"True to the reputation of Leonora Lancaster, how troublesome to deal with."
Restia placed her finger on her moist lips, smiling mischievously.
"Even so, suppressing the Knights of the Dragon Emperor, renowned to be the strongest, this is quite sufficient as an accomplishment -- It is almost time for completion."
The will of the Demon King awakened through forbidden magic -- Nepenthes Lore. This monster that had absorbed the divine power of numerous elementalists probably had enough power to rival him now.
"--Kamito, you just wait. I will now liberate your true self."
Restia's dusk-colored eyes looked up at the starry night sky.
"Very soon, I will be able to tell you. The true meaning of our encounter--"
Three years ago, devoured by her Wish, her past memories had become fragmented.
The way she was now, she was a completely different existence from the Restia of the past--
Even so, shining lustrously like a treasure, one important memory still remained.
A feeling sweet enough to bring stabbing pain to the heart.
Most likely, this was the feeling known commonly as love.
Only that particular day's memory was forbidden to be tainted by any person.
"--If possible, Kamito, I wish to die by your hand."

Buried in the ground, the fire spirit crystal was glowing red.
Kamito and Milla were hiding behind a rock, warming themselves. Unlike a campfire, a piece of spirit crystal with a sealed fire spirit did not generate flames or smoke, conveniently avoiding detection by others.
Normally they would have met up with Claire and the rest by now, but due to the dangers of the night forest, they could not continue marching recklessly.
Kamito would have been fine alone but he was currently accompanied by a thirteen-year-old girl.
"Kamito, aren't you cold?"
Returned to the form of a girl, Est tightly gripped his arm.
"Ah, I'm fine."
As Kamito caressed her head, Est closed her eyes in enjoyment.
Though she remained expressionless as usual, probably because she had to stay in sword form for so long, Est was now trying to be spoiled.
"Kamito, so warm..."
Est kept rubbing her soft face against Kamito's arm.
Sitting opposite was Milla who cast a cold gaze at Kamito.
"You have been making your contracted spirit do this kind of thing all along?"
"No, it's not like that--"
"I am Kamito's sword. Kamito's wish is my command."
Est nodded expressionlessly.
"I see. Forcing a cute and innocent spirit to satisfy your desires..."
Milla's gaze turned colder and colder.
...This is no good. The misunderstanding is getting worse.
"S-So, you two must be hungry, right? If you don't mind, how about I prepare some food?"
Kamito tried to change the subject.
"Yes. I am hungry."
"Not a bad suggestion."
The two nodded.
(...These two, somehow they seem a bit alike.)
Kamito secretly smiled wryly to himself.
Then a few minutes later--
From behind the rock, appetizing aromas came drifting.
It was simple cooking using the hard bread Milla brought as rations, adding a few slices of smoked meat, seasoning slightly with some spices and heating with a fire.
Nevertheless, to Kamito and his group who were famished, this was already quite a sumptuous meal.
"...Kamito, hurry and let me try it."
"What am I going to do with you, Est..."
Smiling wryly, Kamito tore a piece of bread and placed it in Est's mouth.
"This is delicious, Kamito."
Est expressionlessly chewed the bread... She really was like a cute little pet.
"Feeding a spirit eh."
Milla glared coldly at them.
"Okay, you don't have to be formal, just eat this quickly."
Kamito served the steaming bread before her.
"...I will not be bought with food."
"I'm not buying you with food. This is just thanks for healing me."
"..."
Milla silently received the bread and took a cute little bite.
"...Delicious."
"That's really wonderful."
Kamito exclaimed wryly.
The sight of the two pretty girls eating bread expressionlessly felt rather surreal.
"Your wound--"
"Hmm?"
Swallowing the bread, Milla slowly spoke.
"Healing so fast is completely thanks to your own recovery ability. My spirit magic had virtually no effect."
"Ah yes, I seem to have a constitution that is difficult for holy spirit magic to take effect."
Even though he did not know what caused it, that was what Fianna told him, so it should be accurate.
"...? In that case, how do you normally heal your wounds?"
Milla exclaimed in surprise. Kamito scratched his head, a little troubled.
"Ah, how should I describe it. One of my companions is a princess maiden, umm, she uses her body to transfer magic directly..."
"...Enough. I basically understand."
Milla gazed at Kamito with eyes of despise.
"Clearly the rumors of Kamito's teammates offering their bodies in service to him is true."
"Wait a minute, don't misunderstand!"
"Kamito, what does offering their bodies in service mean?"
Est tilted her head expressionlessly in puzzlement.
"Est, you don't need to know that sort of term!"
"Rather than through words, you will teach her using your body?"
"Milla, what on earth are you saying!?"
As Milla's gaze grew more and more severe, Kamito ruefully clutched his head.
"Fuah..."
"Dinner is done, so it's probably time for Est to sleep."
Kamito gently rubbed Est on the head.
Est almost always slept at this time every night.
"Yes, Kamito. Entering standby sleep mode. Goodnight."
Est placed her head on Kamito's lap as if asking to be spoiled.
Her figure dispersed into particles of light in the air, turning into a beautiful sword.
Kamito rested the sleeping Demon Slayer lightly against the rock.
"You're not going to sleep, Milla?"
"Are you treating me as a child?"
"Nothing like that. With so much happening today, you must be tired."
"No matter how I think about this, you must be more tired than me."
"I can't go to sleep first while a girl is still awake, right?"
"...Girl?"
Milla tilted her head in surprise.
"Kamito?"
"Hmm?"
"Since I can't sleep, talk about something interesting."
...Somehow it feels like I keep getting this kind of unreasonable demand lately.
"I'm sorry. I'm the boring sort of man."
Kamito shrugged.
Regarding how boring he was in conversation, Claire knew best.
"Does not matter. I will be the one to decide if it's interesting or not."
"...Got it."
Kamito sighed, relenting--
"A long long time ago, there was a spirit sealed in a lamp at a certain place--"
Just like the time when Claire hassled him, Kamito began reciting the story he had heard from Restia. Instantly, Milla's eyes widened with interest.
"...Umm, you don't find this boring?"
"No, keep going."
Seeing Milla shake her head, Kamito continued.
Objectively speaking, Kamito's storytelling technique was quite poor. Nevertheless, recalling and imitating the gestures and tones Restia used when he was young, Kamito continued with the story.
Soon after--
"Fufu..."
"...!?"
Kamito stopped in surprise.
...Unbelievably, Milla seemed to be trying not to laugh.
"You..."
"...What?"
Noticing Kamito's gaze, Milla frantically avoided eye contact.
"You're very cute when you laugh."
"W-What are you talking about!?"
She lowered her gaze as if trying to hide her face.
(...Could it be, she's shy?)
Suddenly, Kamito asked a question that had been nagging at him.
"By the way, you called yourself a tool back then in the forest?"
"...So what?"
Milla recovered her usual cold expression.
"What do you actually mean by that?"
"Exactly as the word implies. Because that is the existence known as the elementalist."
"Elementalists are not tools. At least, not at the Academy where I go to."
"That is simply your own value system. I am simply a tool cultivated for winning this Blade Dance festival. That is the totality of my value."
Milla Bassett -- this girl, merely thirteen years of age, displayed an expression as if she saw through everything.
That was the same expression as the youth in the past.
What sort of treatment she received back in her home country, was easily imagined.
(A girl who lived only for the purpose of winning the Blade Dance...)
Too cruel -- Kamito whispered angrily to himself.
Her homeland was the small state which had gained its independence from the Holy Kingdom of Lugia not too long ago. Whether in military or economic strength, it was quite behind compared to the surrounding countries. Hence they were resolved to raise the prestige of their country through spectacular results at the Blade Dance festival.
Milla Bassett was the tool cultivated for this purpose.
--Hence firmly rooted in this belief, she gradually cast off her emotions as a human.
That was almost like himself, before he met Restia--
(I had Restia by my side. But this girl--)
Kamito could not help but speak out.
"Do you really, honestly believe that?"
"...?"
"Your value, does it only lie in winning the Blade Dance festival?"
"Other than that, I don't know any other way to live."
Milla shook her head, at this moment--
Suddenly, Kamito noticed a change in the surrounding atmosphere.
"Kamito?"
"...Seriously, it's this late and we still get visitors."
Hearing Kamito's words, Milla finally reacted.
Warily, they surveyed the surroundings--
"How surprising. I clearly eliminated all traces of my presence."
A girl's voice came from behind the rock.
"Even though your team is third, you are still representatives from Areishia Spirit Academy after all."
At the same time, other sounds came from the opposite side. Based on the footsteps there were two people.
(A chance encounter -- was of course impossible.)
Kamito licked his lips and reached for Est against the rock.
Very likely, this was the team who sent out the fireball scouting spirit earlier.
There was one person on the right and two on the left. An approaching pincer attack from two directions.
"--Knights owing allegiance to the courageous king, bestow upon me the light of victory!"
Milla chanted a spirit language incantation, manifesting a sword of spirit magic in her hand.
Standing up with her, back to back, Kamito asked.
"You're not summoning your contracted spirit?"
"My contracted spirit requires a special summoning ritual. It cannot be performed here."
"...A spirit of ritual summoning type eh."
Certain powerful spirits required summoning by ritual. For example, there was Team Cernunnos's beast swarm spirit. Milla's contracted spirit seemed to be the same. In exchange for great power, much time and energy had to be expended and it was therefore unsuited to blade dance duels between individuals.
Illuminated by the glow of swords, the enemies' appearances became clear.
Two of the girls were wearing uniforms similar to Milla. A red background decorated with white lines, they were opposite to the Rupture Division's uniform.
"The Holy Kingdom of Lugia's Sacred Spirit Knights--"
Milla's eyes widened.
So that was the case. After all, the Principality of Rossvale obtained its independence from the Holy Kingdom of Lugia. In that case, having similarities in their uniforms was only natural.
(By the way, isn't the Sacred Spirit Knights the team of Paladin Luminaris?)
Luminaris was the ace-level elementalist who reached the finals in the Blade Dance festival three years ago.
Served by a holy spirit, she had presented Kamito with a formidable challenge during the finals.
Though she was apparently not at the current scene, the Sacred Spirit Knights were renowned as one of the strongest teams from the mainland, all things considered.
Fighting with his current wounds while protecting Milla would be rather disadvantageous.
"--Ah, you're not going to retreat? If you run away now, we might let you off?"
"Stop joking around. Who would waste such an excellent opportunity?"
The knights jeered.
Most likely, they had received news of the Rupture Division's demise.
Even the fact that Milla Bassett's companion was only a male elementalist belonging to a weak team was perfectly clear to them.
Furthermore, the Holy Kingdom of Lugia and the Principality of Rossvale were hostile enemies. It was common for political conflicts between countries to be carried over into the Blade Dance competition.
(...Our only choice is to fight, right?)
Kamito raised his sword with annoyance.
"You too, if you give up Milla Bassett's eye, we could let you two off."
"Milla's eye?"
"Oh my, you allied with her without knowing anything?"
"..."
Glancing quickly at Milla, Kamito found her glaring silently at the knights before them.
"Milla Bassett's eye was originally our country's property. We are simply retrieving it."
"What on earth is this about?"
"There is no need for you to know, seeing as you are about to fall here."
Kamito shrugged helplessly... Apparently there was no room left for conversation.
Suddenly, the three knights tightened the encirclement.
"Milla, don't leave my side."
"Don't look down on me. No matter what, I am still the leader of the Rupture Division."
"...Got it. Then I'll entrust my back to you."
Instantly, the three knights attacked in concert.
The sound of blades clashing rang out. Intense sparks scattered in the dark night.
The strike of a heavy battle axe was blocked by Kamito using Terminus Est.
"...Guh!"
Intense pain came from his arm. Looks like the wound he sustained from falling down the cliff was rupturing.
(--Clearly these are masters. I can't be careless at all!)
Leaping to the side, Kamito held his sword in one hand.
"Don't think you can escape--"
"...!?"
Slicing wind, the massive battle axe flew through the air--
Due to this unexpected attack, Kamito reacted a second too slow.
"--Swarming subjects of the night, hasten forth to slaughter your enemies!"
Instantly, the flying battle axe transformed into a massive swarm of bats.
"...T-This is a legion spirit!"
"Legion" was the term for contracted spirits composed from an amalgamation of multiple spirits. Although they were unsuited to performing mundane commands, they were particularly effective against enemies who were not geared towards fighting multiple opponents.
As it happened, Kamito's Terminus Est was precisely a sword type elemental waffe, unsuited towards fighting multiple opponents.
Kamito swung his sword at the swarm of spirits that resembled a dark raincloud.
A slash from the Demon Slayer instantly destroyed the incoming wave of spirits--
However, this merely destroyed a small fraction of the total. The bat swarm of spirits gave off piercing cries as they attacked Kamito.
Sharp claws tore wounds all over his body. Red blood flowed from his ripped open skin.
"Guh..."
The rules of the Blade Dance forbade killing any of the participating elementalists. But conversely, so long as their lives remained intact, any amount of physical injury and suffering was permitted.
They must be trying to chip away at my stamina gradually.
(If only Claire's Flametongue was here, they could be incinerated in an instant...)
Kamito was unable to use spirit magic for large area destruction. Even though the swarm of spirits blocked his view, he was certain Milla must be currently fighting the other elementalists.
(Trying to kill these guys one by one will take forever...)
Raising the Demon Slayer, Kamito rushed into the center of the spirit swarm. With self-sacrificing determination, he penetrated by force, intending to defeat the enemy elementalist directly -- !
"--Of course I'm not going to let your plan succeed. Capture the unrighteous, Shackles of the Criminal!"
"...!?"
Suddenly, flashing shackles appeared out of the air and locked down Kamito's feet.
In the middle of the chaotic and violent swarm of spirits, Kamito was immobilized.
"Those who attempt to escape the legion will be caught by the Shackles of the Criminal. The Sacred Spirit Knights' coordinated attacks are flawless."
Another knight jeered victoriously.
(I see. As expected of a strong and renowned team--)
Kamito silently cursed his dire situation. Using the legion to obscure his view while hiding the capturing type elemental waffe Shackles of the Criminal inside -- this was a coordinated attack that made use of the compatibility between their contracted spirits.
The legion mercilessly attacked Kamito as he stood there unable to move--
"...Your plan itself is not bad. But regrettably, you have underestimated my Est!"
Yelling out, Kamito infused divine power in the Demon Slayer.
"--How could this be possible!?"
The knights cried out in surprise.
Giving off intensely bright light, the shackles of the elemental waffe restraining his feet were cut into halves.
Wielding the sacred sword which emitted overwhelming dazzling light, Kamito charged forward.
The swarming spirits of the legion were destroyed as soon as they made contact with Terminus Est's sword aura.
"Damn it... Hurry and come back!"
The knight in front of Kamito frantically tried to transform the legion back into the battle axe form -- but unfortunately, it was too late.
Kamito rushed before her and slashed at the knight's abdomen.
"Gaaah--!"
With a great yell, the knight collapsed immediately. However, within Astral Zero all damage caused by elemental waffen beyond what the body could sustain were all converted into psychological pain, hence the girl simply lost consciousness.
At the same time, the black cloud-like legion dissipated into particles of light.
"Haah, haah..."
Stabbing into the ground his sword which has lost its brightness, Kamito rested his shoulder against it as he panted.
(This is really tiring...)
Terminus Est belonged to the strongest class of elemental waffe.
Hence, using it in the manner just now would deplete divine power almost instantly.
Deciding that she could not win one on one, the Shackles using knight stepped back with a click of her tongue.
On the other side of the rock, Milla was currently engaging the knight with the slender sword in an even battle.
Wielding a sword of light, she deflected the enemy's relentless strikes one by one, producing sparks whenever their blades clashed intensely.
Milla's sword skills were definitely not mediocre. Within the Academy, her skill level would definitely achieve top grades.
However on this Blade Dance stage where top class elementalists gathered, her power seemed slightly inadequate in comparison.
In terms of ability as an elementalist, the opponent was clearly superior to her.
Using his body which still could not stand steadily, Kamito raised the sword in his hand.
However, the Demon Slayer could only give off faint light.
"Clearly your power is depleted, male elementalist."
"Hmph, as if...!"
Forcing his unsteady body, Kamito began to run to aid Milla--
"--Your plan will not succeed, Shackles of the Criminal!"
The knight released a set of chained shackles from her hand. Kamito jumped to evade -- but the shackles were only a red herring.
Another set of shackles released from the opposite direction snagged Kamito's right arm.
"You no longer have the strength to break free from the Shackles now!"
In the instant Kamito's movements were halted--
The other knight that had been fighting Milla rushed over.
"--Kamito!"
"All I need is one arm."
Replying to Milla's cry with a smile, Kamito switched to wielding his sword with his left.
It was the left hand in the jet black leather glove. He could feel a stinging pain from Restia's spirit seal.
"--Very unfortunate for you, but I am ambidextrous."
With one arm snagged by the Shackles, Kamito kicked the ground.
Using one leg as a pivot to spin his body, he struck with a counterattack in response to the enemy's thrust.
The thrusting sword brushed past his face--
But at the same time, Kamito's sword pierced deeply into the opponent's heart.
"Guah...!"
Suffering massive psychological damage, the knight lost consciousness and fell to the ground.
Kamito held his shoulder due to the pain from slightly overstraining himself as he asked the Shackles user behind him.
"--Well then, you're the only one left... What are you going to do?"
"...!"
The knight bit her lip in regret.
"Don't forget this, Luminaris-sama will surely take care of you!"
Leaving behind this loser's speech, she disappeared into the depths of the forest.
At the same time, the Shackles restraining Kamito also vanished.
(Three elementalists of that level -- given myself three years ago, I could have handled them in seconds.)
As he muttered to himself in self-mockery, Kamito coughed up blood.
His body was actually not well enough to use Terminus Est with full power.
(...But to think I would end up like this.)
His body swaying he collapsed on the spot as if losing all strength.
"--Kamito, Kamito!"
Just as his consciousness faded, he heard Milla's voice.
"--W-What is that!?"
"Could it be, a legion spirit!?"
The massive shadow towering before them was trampling the trees in the forest.
The minor country's team could only scream and flee into the forest as they watched the destruction of their stronghold.
Spirits in beast form swarmed and attacked the giant, but the giant swung its heavy fist, smashing the ragtag bunch of spirits to oblivion in a single strike.
"Ahahaha, you call yourselves representatives participating in the Blade Dance, and yet all you can do is this?"
On the shoulder of the giant -- the tactical class militarized spirit Colossus, sat a girl with ash gray hair.
The Instructional School's second Monster -- Muir Alenstarl.
Amidst rising black smoke and intensely burning fires--
The girl wearing the crimson mask gazed mercilessly at this scene of destruction.
The minor country's elementalists were struggling desperately, but given Muir's power, they would soon be vanquished together along with their stronghold.
"Ren Ashbell-sama, if this continues, the spirit will be broken by the usage of Muir's power."
Beside her, Lily Flame knelt on the ground, advising anxiously.
"Not a problem. Using a due to be scrapped militarized spirit to conquer a stronghold is worth it."
"But that Colossus was provided by the military of the Alphas Theocracy--"
"In any case, it is not a spirit those fellows can keep under control. Rather than expending effort to have it scrapped, we might as well break it through the use of the Jester's Vise."
Ren Ashbell shrugged and turned to Lily.
"That aside, have you found the location of the darkness spirit and Nepenthes Lore?"
"E-Excuse me... I am very sorry, not yet..."
Lily bit her lip regretfully.
The darkness spirit had taken away Nepenthes Lore without authorization, robbing divine power from elementalists indiscriminately -- such actions constituted clear betrayal of Ren Ashbell.
"I see. Then keep searching."
"Yes--"
"That said, even if that darkness spirit is scheming something, my plan will not change the slightest."
"Ren Ashbell-sama, may I ask a question...?"
Lily looked up and asked apprehensively.
"What is it?"
"What kind of a person is Nepenthes Lore?"
She was well aware that the monster of a black knight was no ordinary human.
That thing was revived by the master before her using forbidden magic, an existence that should not exist in this world.
But ultimately, what was its true identity -- ?
Deep behind the crimson mask, those burning red eyes seemed to pierce Lily right through.
"Please forgive me for overstepping my bounds!"
Lily immediately knelt down and prostrated in regret.
Simply a glare was enough to give her a feeling of fear as if her heart was being gripped tightly.
"--That Nepenthes Lore is the successor to the past Demon King."
"Successor to the Demon King...?"
"In other words, the incarnation of the will of Ren Ashdoll who was buried in ancient times--"
A dark shadow flashed across her fiery eyes.
"--An existence identical to mine."

Ever since the youth resolved himself to kill the darkness spirit girl who sent his heart into incredible turmoil--
He began to grow and develop with unbelievable speed.
Even the elders who decided to have them meet had not anticipated this. By this point, even amongst ranked elementalists who also trained at the Instructional School, there were few who could match him in combat.
"You're not going to kill me?"
"I will -- One day, surely I will."
Throughout the deathmatch training sessions which lasted several hours at a time--
Somehow this exchange became their standard catchphrase.
After each deathmatch, the boy would have long involved conversations with her.
The darkness spirit girl told all sorts of things about the world to the boy that he had never known.
Such as the sorrows, joys and various wonderful things that filled the world.
Then every night before the boy went to sleep, the girl would gently tell a bedtime story by his side.
--To an observer, this was quite an incredible relationship.
"And then, the king sealed the spirit of the lamp once more--"
"...Then what happened?"
Placing his head on the girl's lap, the dissatisfied boy sought the story's continuation.
Because she always stopped at the most exciting spot.
"Let's continue the next part tomorrow."
Gently caressing the boy's black hair, the girl smiled.
Clearly those fingertips had been firing off merciless magical attacks at the boy just a while ago.
"Tell me now. Who knows if I'll still be alive tomorrow."
"Ah right, tomorrow is the mission to destroy the great shrine--"
A mere twelve-year-old boy was already starting to take on missions assigned by the Instructional School.
"The one in charge of destruction is Muir. Lily and my job will be covering and assisting her. Within the Great Shrine, there are reportedly eight elite spirit knights as guards."
"Will you survive?"
"Who knows. I am a tool -- I only have to follow orders and complete the mission."
"But if you die... You won't be able to listen to the continuation of the story."
The boy suddenly opened his closed eyes.
"...What a bother."
"Even if it is just to listen to the rest of the story, please return alive."
"...Yes, that's right... I got it."
The boy nodded with upfront honesty.
"Also, don't forget our promise--"
"Promise?"
"I will be the one to kill you."
"Fufu, of course."
This was not fear of death. However, I must survive -- thought the boy to himself.
For the sake of the promise with her--
"Uh, hmm..."
Feeling the back of his head resting on something soft and comfortable, Kamito woke up.
Opening his eyes, he found a cute girl's face.
"...Milla!?"
"You must continue lying down."
Saying that, Milla pressed Kamito's head down hard on her thighs.
Feeling her smooth soft skin against his cheek, Kamito could not stop his heart from racing.
With no other way, Kamito had no choice but to continue lying down in this manner.
The sky was still dim. Night had only just ended.
...A lap pillow, how nostalgic.
(Back then, I always went to sleep on her lap...)
Keeping his eyes opened, he stared blankly--
"You can't sleep?"
"Yeah. I have the type of body that can do without sleep."
"Really... That's the same as me."
"Milla too?"
"Because that was how I was trained."
Kamito could not help but groan.
...Right. Just like Kamito, she was raised as a tool.
(Isn't that identical to what those Instructional School guys were doing...)
He felt intense wrath towards the Principality of Rossvale's knights who raised Milla.
Furthermore, she did not have anyone in her life like Restia who was with Kamito.
Kamito slowly got up from Milla.
"This is, yours--"
Milla extended over two magic stones.
"Hmm? Ah right..."
These were apparently the magic stones from the two members of the Sacred Spirit Knights.
Kamito took one and left the other in Milla's hand.
"...?"
"This is for the Rupture Division. Didn't we agree to share the magic stones fairly?"
Milla shook her head.
"You defeated them, Kamito."
"We are allies."
Forcing Milla to hold the magic stone properly, Kamito stood up.
For a while, Milla stared at the magic stone in her hand--
Finally, she nodded slightly and placed it in a pocket in her uniform.
"Kamito..."
"Hmm?"
Milla looked up at Kamito.
The azure right eye and the amber left eye, those heterochromic eyes were staring at Kamito.
"My eye, you're not going to ask about it?"
"...Eye?"
--Come to think of it, those Sacred Spirit Knights did say something about Milla's eye.
"You want me to ask?"
"..."
"Milla, if you ever want to tell me, then let me know when the time comes."
Kamito shrugged, just at this moment--
From overhead, the sound of feathered wings flapping could be heard.
"What?"
The two turned their gaze towards the sky to find a demon bird circling in the air above with its great wings spread.
"That's... Ellis' Simorgh!"
It was far in the distance but Kamito was certain. That was the demon wind spirit contracted to Ellis.
"You recognize it?"
"Yeah. Look, my comrades are searching for me."
Soon after, the demon wind spirit slowly landed before Kamito and Milla.
Kamito asked the demon bird directly as it folded its wings.
"Is Claire okay?"
Simorgh nodded as it crooned softly.
...Looks like she is fine.
"Really... I'm glad to know that."
Kamito breathed a long sigh of relief.
"Go and tell everyone that I'm fine. I'll be back soon."
With a cry, Simorgh took to the rosy skies.
"Let's go, Milla... Time to set off."
The two hastily gathered their camping equipment.
(That girl Claire, surely she must be angry...)
Claire was lying on the futon under a blanket.
Her body curled in a ball. She still had some leftover fever.
"Kamito..."
Softly murmuring his name for who knows how many times.
Claire tightly gripped one side of the blanket.
Absentmindedly, she cast a glance towards the little mirror by the bed side.
"What a tragic looking face..."
Her prided hair in a mess, her eyes were all red from crying all night.
"--Clearly from the day I lost my older sister, I promised myself never to cry again."
On the little table, there was breakfast covered with a sheet of cloth. Probably brought by Rinslet.
...But surely I have no appetite right now.
(Kamito, without you by my side, I...)
What was with this pain in her chest?
...Loneliness? No, even though that was partially the reason, there was more--
(I've done so many bad things to that guy in the past...)
Claire reflected over everything she had done till this date.
Whenever Kamito was intimate with other girls, she always felt enraged for no particular reason, unable to accept, wanting to whip him and burn him into charcoal--
(...I really am a fool. Clearly now, I can be a bit more forthright.)
Just as she sighed--
Something squirmed beneath the blanket.
Puzzled, she pulled away the blanket to find the hell cat spirit enveloped in gentle warm flames.
"Scarlet..."
Claire suddenly felt very touched.
Clearly Scarlet was also in a very weak state, but the cat still stayed by Claire's side to provide warmth.
"Meow..."
"...Y-Yes. As the master, I must have faith in that guy."
Encouraged by Scarlet, Claire rubbed her eyes.
Patting her face, she tied her hair with her favorite ribbons.
"...That's right. I can't give up. Kamito is surely still alive."
Her spirit renewed, she got up and started eating breakfast in large mouthfuls.
This was no proper manners for a lady hailing from a formerly prestigious family, but now was not the time to be concerned... She had to recover her energy as fast as possible to search for Kamito.
Just at this moment, a clatter of footsteps could be heard. The entrance to the tent was flipped open with a smack.
Rinslet arrived, clearly frantic.
"Claire, we seem to have found Kamito!"
--A few hours passed after that. Kamito returned to the stronghold of Team Scarlet.
At the skillfully concealed entrance in the forest, his comrades were already out to greet him, however--
"...Seriously, how much are you trying to worry us!?"
"N-Not like I was particularly worried or anything like that...!"
"Enough of this, Kamito-kun is always so reckless!"
"I-I'm sorry..."
Faced with the three young ladies' wrath, Kamito could not help but shrink back.
...It was only for a day, but clearly they were really worried.
Claire's ruby-like eyes were filled with teardrops--
"...Sob... Sob..."
...For some reason, she was crying.
"H-Hey, Claire!?"
Kamito frantically placed his hands on her shoulders--
"Idiot... Seriously, I was so worried... Wuaaaaaah!"
Thud thud.
Clenching her fists, she hammered against Kamito's chest.
"Claire... I'm sorry."
Faced with Claire acting like this, Kamito gently caressed her head.
"Wah... Sob... I-Idiot..."
"Because she was worrying about Kamito, she cried the whole night."
Rinslet whispered secretly by his earside.
"Is that so?"
Claire's face instantly turned burning red.
"L-Liar! I didn't cry!"
"Oh my, trying to deceive us is pointless."
"...~!"
"In any case, it's great that Claire is fine."
Smiling wryly, Kamito continued to caress her head.
"Y-Yes... All thanks to Kamito."
Her face red, Claire lowered her gaze.
Then as if resolving herself, she bit her lip hard.
"K-Kamito..."
Fiddling awkwardly with her fingers, her head bowed deeply--
"Umm... I-I have decided, from now on, I will be more hon--"
"...Ah, right. Wait a minute."
Suddenly, Kamito spoke.
"...Eh?"
Claire was completely shocked.
"No, before that, I have something I must report to everyone first."
"...?"
All the girls tilted their head in puzzlement. Kamito turned around and waved his hand at the trees behind him.
"Milla, you can come out now."
"Yes."
From the depths of the trees came a rustling sound--
A girl with dark brown hair, Milla, appeared.
"...Uh?"
Claire and the girls all exclaimed in surprise.
"...A pleasure to meet you all."
Milla stepped forward and politely bowed her head towards Claire and the rest.
"..." "..." "..." "..."
The young ladies fell silent.
Then--
"H-Hey, Kamito...?"
Claire's shoulders were trembling.
"...This really adorable child, who is she?"
The red twintails were standing straight up like burning pillars of fire.
"...H-Hey Claire? Why are you getting angry?"
"I-I am not angry. Completely, entirely not angry...!"
"Kamito, I can't believe you are this kind of man...!"
"...Seriously, what is going on!?"
"Could this be, a kidnapping!?"
Ellis, Rinslet and Fianna all cast icy-cold glares.
...Somehow, it felt like there was some kind of extremely embarrassing misunderstanding.
Fortunately, Milla was the one to clear things up.
"--I am Milla Bassett, the leader of the Rupture Division representing the Principality of Rossvale."
"Milla Bassett -- in that case, you were the one who proposed the alliance...?"
Met with Claire's inquiry, Milla nodded.
"Yes. Together with Kazehaya Kamito, we have exchanged oaths to establish an alliance."
"...Oaths?"
Milla's words made all the young ladies perk up their ears.
"I decided on my own to form the alliance... So, is there anything wrong with that?"
"N-No, that's fine. However..."
Claire began to pout.
"When elementalists exchange Oaths, I remember the ritual..."
"A kiss from both parties -- is necessary, right?"
Ellis and Rinslet instantly glared at Kamito.
"Hmm..."
"...You did it, Kamito-kun?"
"N-No, let me explain..."
The instant Kamito's gaze wavered, none of the girls failed to catch it.
"Kamito, please answer honestly!"
"Well yes, I did it, but just on the hand..."
"I can't believe you, to think even an innocent thirteen-year-old girl was not safe--"
Despite Kamito's stammering explanations, the young ladies' glares remained exceptionally cold.
--In the end, Kamito had to spend quite a long time to clear up the misunderstanding.
(...Why do they have to be suspicious to this degree?)
Tilting his head in puzzlement, Kamito was lying on a futon in the tent.
His body's fatigue was still present, so he intended to nap until dinner.
As for Milla, he felt reassured to entrust her to Claire and the girls. The young ladies seemed quite happy at the arrival of a young girl, as if gaining a younger sister to be spoiled.
...Naturally, Milla seemed quite troubled on her side.
"...Kamito, are you still awake?"
Claire's voice was heard from the entrance.
"Yeah..."
Hearing Kamito respond, Claire entered lightly with bandages.
"What is it?"
"Time for new bandages. You're still wounded, right?"
"Ah yeah, sorry..."
Kamito extended his arm as Claire gently wrapped bandages over them.
"..."
Somehow the silence felt rather awkward.
Kamito wanted to say something, but could not find any words.
Perhaps because they had spent almost every day together until now. Being apart for a single day seemed to have disrupted their rhythm.
Furthermore, recalling the fact that Claire had cried for him out of worry, it felt rather embarrassing.
"Hey, Kamito..."
"Hmm?"
Claire was the first to speak up.
"About just now, I'm sorry... Umm, for s-suspecting you."
"Did you eat something strange?"
Her uncharacteristic attitude caused Kamito to frown.
"S-Shut up, I'm just apologizing honestly!"
"U-Understood...!"
...Yes, this was the normal Claire.
As she wrapped bandages around Kamito's arm, Claire spoke softly.
"Ah, ever since Rubia-neesama left, I've been alone."
Seeking power impatiently, she clashed constantly with upperclassmen and the Sylphid Knights.
At the time, she did not understand anything.
She regarded everyone around her as her enemies.
Needing no comrades. Trusting no one. Trying to become strong alone.
...That was truly what she believed in back then.
"But after meeting you... I feel I've changed."
"...Perhaps so, maybe."
"Whether Fianna, Ellis, or Rinslet... I consider them p-precious comrades."
Perhaps due to embarrassment, Claire's face was as red as a burning fire.
"Ah yes."
Kamito nodded.
"Umm, so, this... All this time, I've wanted to say this to Kamito..."
Claire's hand that was doing the bandaging paused as she stuttered.
Then she lifted her face as if greatly determined--
"Kamito, thank you..."
She spoke as if very shy.
"Claire..."
Kamito quietly gulped a mouthful of air--
"Same for me."
"Huh?"
"If I had never met Claire, I would never be standing upon this stage of the Blade Dance festival. Umm, completely unrelated to the team size restriction... Do you get what I mean?"
"...Yes. Alone, I don't think any of us could have stood here."
Finishing the bandaging, Claire stood up.
"Well then, rest well for today."
Then she made a beeline for the exit.
Looking at her back... Kamito spoke.
"Restia will probably come to target me. In the near future, perhaps I'll have to leave this place for a while."
Nepenthes Lore -- that monster would surely come together.
When the time came, Kamito had no confidence whether he would be able to protect Claire and the girls given his current state.
But Claire shook her head resolutely.
"When the time comes, we will face them. Together, everyone from Team Scarlet."
For dinner that day, a small party was held to celebrate the alliance with the Rupture Division.
On the dinner table made from tree trunks, all sorts of delicious food were laid out.
Honey spread on bread. Cooked beans. Wild herb and mushroom salad. Laurenfrost style stew. River fish pie. The dessert menu was a sumptuous feast made from canned fruit.
"How amazing..."
Milla exclaimed with surprise.
"Please help yourself to the food, no need to be reserved."
"May I?"
"Of course. After all, Milla, you did help my slave."
Claire sliced a piece of fish pie for Milla.
Apparently they had become quite friendly while Kamito was sleeping. Sitting there side by side, they seemed like very close sisters.
As a side note, Claire had resumed her usual attitude towards Kamito.
"Claire, help me cut some of that pie please."
"Oh my, how conceited of you, to dare order around the Elstein family's daughter?"
...That was how things went.
"The main course is ready."
Rinslet brought a huge plate of roasted meat that was still sizzling.
She must have roasted an entire pig whole.
"Seriously, you really hunted a wild boar!?"
"Fu, of course it was yours truly, together with Fenrir."
Rinslet puffed out her chest with pride.
The tender and juicy roasted meat looked very delicious. Together with sliced ginger and garlic, a special sauce seasoned with spices, the rich aroma filled the table.
"Yes, the meat is really soft and tender. It is also perfectly cooked."
"Fufu, if you like, let's go hunt some more?"
"No, it doesn't really feel right to recklessly hunt wild animals in the sanctuary..."
Ridiculing with his half-narrowed eyes, Kamito shoved salad into his mouth.
Beneath the dinner table, Scarlet and Simorgh were also fighting for the roasted meat.
On the other hand, Fenrir sat very politely in the distance, though salivating if one were to look closely.
Looks like the Laurenfrost family were quite strict in educating their spirits.
"Hey Rinslet, it should be okay to give some of the meat to Fenrir, right?"
"That's not allowed normally... But we'll make an exception just for today."
Given the mistress' permission and a tossed portion of meat, Fenrir happily pounced.
"Kamito, I want to eat meat too."
"Ah yes, you love tasty food the most, Est."
"So happy, Kamito."
"Wait a minute, Kamito, you're spoiling Est too much."
"Fufu, I've dripped some sauce on my bosom. Kamito-kun, please help wipe it up."
Accompanied by a sudden voluptuous sensation, Kamito found his arm pressed against Fianna's sauce covered chest.
"Y-You can wipe it yourself, right?"
"If I do it myself, it won't be thorough enough... If you don't want to wipe it, you may lick instead~"
"Hey... G-Got it, then I'll wipe, okay?"
As his heart raced, Kamito reached out with his handkerchief towards the deep valley between her breasts.
"Mmm... The movements of Kamito-kun's fingers feel really perverted~"
"Fianna!?"
"Allow me to wipe, Your Highness the imperial princess!"
"Iyaaaah!"
Having made her way behind Fianna discreetly, Claire suddenly reached out and started rubbing Fianna's bosom.
"What are you doing!?"
"Kamito is my slave, okay, you're not allowed to order him around!"
"Hey, you are committing the crime of insolence against the imperial family!"
Ignoring the two girls fighting at the dinner table, Kamito reached towards the cooked beans.
"...Hmm, these cooked beans are quite tasty."
Despite its modest appearance, the soup had a rather delicate taste.
Hearing this comment, Ellis' ponytail jumped in elation.
"K-Kamito, I made that..."
"Ellis? Right, now that I think about it, the taste does feel like something you'd make."
"...Though compared to Rinslet's cooking, umm, it does feel a bit lacking in style."
Expressing her modesty, Ellis awkwardly fiddled with her fingers.
"No no, even though it looks simple in appearance, I'm sure it took a lot of effort to make this. After all, I do know how to cook more or less. I can feel the effort and feelings behind it."
"R-Really!? I-I hope you like it... I am glad."
Ellis seemed quite shy as she coiled the hair from her ponytail around her little finger again and again.
"Kamito, i-if you wish, let me feed you. Your wounds must still be affecting you."
"No, that's a bit embarrassing..."
"No need to be shy. So, say 'ah'--"
"A-Ahhhh..."
Seeing he had no choice, Kamito opened wide to accept the spoon.
"I-Is it good?'
"...Ah yes, very tasty."
"Ellis, you're stealing a march on us, so sly!"
"Please try my cooking too!"
Fianna and Rinslet reprimanded Ellis.
"D-Do not misunderstand! I simply noticed that Kamito's arm was still hurt so..."
"I-In that case, I'll feed him too!"
Sticking her fork into a piece of meat, Claire thrust it over.
"That's really hot, Claire, and you poked me in the face! Ouch!"
"..."
Milla watched the dinner table commotion blankly.
"Milla, what's wrong?"
"I've never had a meal like this."
Asked by Kamito, Milla replied in monotone.
"Don't you eat together with everyone in your team, Milla?"
"No, because my companion knights all take care of me with great caution."
Milla quietly shook her head.
(Taken care of with great caution -- hmm?)
Rather than cherished, this meant something different.
As if trying not to break or harm something fragile -- and keeping their distance.
This thirteen-year-old girl had always lived a life of untouchable isolation.
Like an offering on a sacrificial altar--
"Milla, you should eat as much as you can. If you don't eat properly you won't grow up."
Claire placed her hand on Milla's head.
"That is so true. Well, it's a little late for Claire's chest though."
"Whose chest are you talking about!?"
Watching Claire and Rinslet quarrel--
Kamito did not fail to catch Milla's extremely faint smile.
--Parting with her came so suddenly.
"Our training will end today."
"...Huh?"
The boy stood there in shock at the sudden announcement.
"Why... Why!? I -- still haven't killed you!"
"You have become strong. There is nothing more I can teach you."
The black-haired girl smiled calmly. Her dusk-colored eyes were filled with sorrow.
"...I hate this."
"Kamito?"
"I hate this! You have to stay by my side! Forever by my side--"
Halfway through, Kamito suddenly stopped his sentence.
"S-So, umm, I..."
Stuttering, his face went red.
"You're now able to make this kind of expression. Back when we first met, all you had was a stiff poker face."
The darkness spirit girl gently caressed the boy's head.
"You're almost my height now."
"...D-Don't toy with me!"
Kamito shook his head angrily.
Before he met her, the boy's feelings had never undergone such upheaval.
"The story's continuation--"
"...?"
"I still haven't heard the rest of that story."
He was referring to the bedtime stories she told.
The continuation of that bedtime story had somehow become the boy's greatest pleasure.
"...Sorry."
"Why, why are you apologizing--"
As if to seal the boy's mouth, the girl kissed him.
"...!"
The boy's eyes widened in surprise.
Separating her lips from him lightly, she smiled shyly.
"Your first kiss?"
"..."
The boy nodded in a daze... His mind completely blank, he could not think properly.
"--Remember this well, the kiss of our contract."
The girl's fingertips, gently caressing his cheek, dissipated into the air as particles of light--
"Should there ever come a time in the future when I have changed so much that I am myself no longer--"
--Kill me.
"Ah, this is so invigorating..."
Beneath the starry sky, Kamito was enjoying a soak in an open air bath alone.
This was not a hot spring but a pool created by piling rocks in a ring and using a fire spirit to boil water for a bath. Since the water in the sanctuary carried fatigue recovery properties, soaking his wounds in the crystal clear water felt especially comfortable.
Under the moonlight, Kamito looked at the spirit seal on his left hand.
Blood was slightly seeping out from the crescent-shaped crest.
...Recently, I seem to keep dreaming about her.
Those were Kamito's memories from before he became the strongest blade dancer.
On that day, Restia was sealed away once again. Because she had taught the boy what he was not supposed to know -- human emotions.
After that, through the re-education efforts of the elders at the Instructional School, the boy lost his emotions once more -- however, his feeling of longing for her, that alone was never forgotten.
Then four years ago, on the day that the archdemon of flame attacked and destroyed the Instructional School, he took the ring where she was sealed and the two of them began their journey.
--Those short but wonderful days.
(Restia...)
As if trying to catch a hold of the night sky which reminded him of her beautiful black hair, Kamito reached out with his hand.
The spirit seal on his left hand was hurting.
(Summoning? Calling for me...)
Very soon, he would have to settle things with her--
That was what his intuition predicted.
Splash -- Suddenly, he heard a light noise in the water behind him.
"...!?"
Frantically turning around, he saw a tiny figure in the shadows of the rocks obscured by the steam.
"...Kamito?"
"Is that Milla?"
"Yes."
He could hear Milla's voice.
"This is the men's bath reserved for me. The women's bath is located over there by the cliff."
"I didn't know."
"Sorry. It's quite easy to mix up... Anyway, I'm getting out so just enjoy yourself here."
Kamito hastily prepared to leave--
"...Wait."
But Milla stopped him.
"I have something to say to you."
"...Here?"
"If it's here, the others won't come."
...I see. Indeed, Claire and the girls were probably not going to come to this men's bath.
(Something she doesn't want the others to hear--)
Kamito immersed himself in the bath again.
On the other side of the light mist, Milla appeared, wrapped in a white towel.
Her body was small and slender. As her moistened dark brown hair clung to her face, there was a sense of charm that did not seem to belong to a thirteen-year-old girl.
As she walked over to the side, Kamito shifted his gaze away as his heart began to race.
"...So, what did you want to tell me?"
"About my eye. I only want you to know."
Milla's amber left eye flashed in the night.
"This is the value of my existence. The reason I was raised as a tool."
"--The Demon Sealing Eye, right?"
"...You already... know?"
Milla exclaimed in surprise.
"No I didn't. But I could guess."
The Demon Sealing Eye. This was a special eye that descendants from lineages of elementalists were born with in rare instances.
A type of extremely rare spirit crystal.
Due to numerous cases of Demon Sealing Eyes with powerful spirits sealed inside of them, the possessors were regarded as dangerous in most situations and persecuted, either that or used as weapons by those in authority -- that was how things were.
In any case, this thirteen-year-old girl was saddled with a cruel and harsh fate.
The reason why Kamito knew about the Demon Sealing Eye which was unknown to most people, was because there was another girl at the Instructional School who also possessed the same type of eye.
That girl had been used as a weapon and perished at an early age.
"When I was young, my parents feared this eye and sold me to the knights of the Principality of Rossvale, to be trained as a weapon needed to win the Blade Dance festival."
Milla gazed at Kamito expressionlessly.
"In order to control the sealed spirit with stability, anger, sorrow, joy -- all unnecessary emotions were deprived."
"...Crazy fellows. They exist everywhere."
Kamito groaned painfully. Recalling how his own emotions were killed off and the orphans at the Instructional School who were used and expended like tools--
(If I had never met Restia, my fate would have been the same as those guys...)
"...Why are you telling me this?"
"Because I -- deceived Kamito."
Milla uttered this sentence with great suffering.
"...?"
"Sealed within my Eye is the conquering army spirit 'The Crusaders' -- a tactical-class militarized spirit."
"A tactical class militarized spirit?"
Tactical class -- amongst militarized spirits, this was a type of spirit that was particularly difficult to control.
Other than for exceptional cases like Muir Alenstarl -- this was not the type of spirit that ordinary elementalists could control alone.
Controlling that type of spirit required specialized training as a team.
Kamito finally realized.
"I see. The Rupture Division also served as the team for controlling that militarized spirit."
"That's right. They were the team prepared for using the tool that is me. Only with the Rupture Division present can the Demon Sealing Eye be operated."
In other words--
Milla by herself was unable to draw out the spirit's power, basically.
"Possessing a spirit with the holy attribute is true... But I have no way of using that power."
"...So by deception, you mean this."
Allying with Milla who employed a holy spirit in order to facilitate battle against Nepenthes Lore--
This was the benefit she brought up during negotiations for the alliance. However, if that spirit could not be used, then Kamito and his team's strategy had to be altered fundamentally.
"I apologize. I must prevail in this Blade Dance no matter what. Because, being raised as a tool, that is my mission."
Despite the Rupture Division's collapse and nearly losing everything, she still struggled for survival.
Because Milla Bassett's value in living only lay in that.
"That's okay. That's your achievement after all."
Kamito gently placed his hand on Milla's head.
"...Kamito?"
"This alliance is the victory you won with your own hands, Milla. Be proud of yourself."
Gently, he caressed her dark brown hair.
"...Milla, have you heard of the Instructional School?"
Suddenly, Kamito brought up such a topic.
"...Existing somewhere in the Ordesia Empire, a secret organization for raising assassins."
"Yeah. That's where I came from."
"...!?"
Milla's eyes widened with surprise.
"I am the same as you, Milla. Raised as a tool for murder from childhood."
"However, you... Don't look like it."
"Because there was a girl who helped me recover a human's heart."
Kamito gently withdrew his hand from Milla's head.
"..."
Milla hung her head... As if pondering something.
Soon after, she slowly looked up--
"Last night's story."
"Hmm?"
"The continuation of last night's story, I want to hear it."
"Ah sure..."
Kamito recalled and nodded.
It was the fairy tale he had heard from Restia when he was young. In this open air bath where one could hear the sound of the river flowing, Kamito continued the story he told the previous night.
"...Fufu."
Was something really funny? Milla once again was desperately suppressing laughter.
...Oh well, as long as she's happy.
"You really are much cuter when you're smiling."
"W-What are you talking about..."
Kamito's half-joking comment made Milla blush slightly.
"Since you are able to laugh like this, you are no longer just a tool."
Assuredly, lost things had to be taken back.
As long as she had someone beside her the way Restia was to Kamito.
Gazing up at the night sky concealed by darkness, Kamito muttered to himself.
(...Restia, even now, I'm still waiting for you to continue that bedtime story.)
At this very moment -- a sharp pain was felt in his left hand's spirit seal.
Intense pain like scorching fire, it made Kamito's face distorted.
"...Kamito?"
"--That person has arrived."
In the quiet forest, the black-winged angel appeared--
"What a secure stronghold your team has built here. As expected of Her Highness the Imperial Princess, former heiress to the throne."
Restia shrugged and pouted her adorable lips.
Probably as a counter against those with the attribute of darkness, there were apparently multiple holy barriers.
To her it was like the gates of hell.
However--
"I'm very sorry, but I shall have to break through by force."
As Restia giggled, a massive figure appeared from the depths of the forest.
Emanating an aura of ominous disaster from all over, the black knight -- Nepenthes Lore.
Having absorbed divine power from numerous elementalists to become a complete monster, there stood the materialization of the Demon King's will.
"Well then, let's begin the blade dance, Kamito..."
With a great roar, Nepenthes Lore tore apart the barrier using claw-like gauntlets.

The spirits inhabiting the forest began to cause a noisy commotion as soon as they sensed the intruder's presence.
"...Kamito?"
"--That person arrived."
Kamito answered briefly as Milla frowned.
As if tempting Kamito, the spirit seal on his left hand was throbbing.
The identity of the visitor -- there was no need for deductions.
"Milla, do me a favor and go to where Claire and the rest are."
Swiftly putting on his uniform, Kamito picked up the sleeping Demon Slayer.
"What about you, Kamito?"
"Her only target is me. I have to stop them here."
"You are fighting Nepenthes Lore by yourself?"
"Hurry and go--"
Milla nodded and ran towards the campsite.
Watching her leave--
"...This thing is truly an extraordinary monster."
Kamito wiped the cold sweat from his forehead.
He could sense the disastrous aura approaching from the depths of the forest.
She too, surely knew Kamito was located here.
Immediately -- a roar that seemed to shake the earth was heard.
(--It's here!)
Kamito infused the Demon Slayer with divine power.
Shining brightly with silver-white luster, Terminus Est banished the darkness of the night.
Tearing away the wall of trees in the way--
The monster appeared before Kamito.
The elementalist clad completely in jet black armor -- Nepenthes Lore.
As well as--
"I'm so glad, Kamito. You've been waiting for me all alone?"
Those beautiful dusk-colored eyes. Her dark dress and gorgeous black hair fluttered in the wind.
Unfortunately, she had not changed at all -- she still maintained the same appearance as back then, back when their hearts were one.
Despite the fact that Kamito himself had changed so much.
"Restia..."
Kamito forgot everything in an instant, mesmerized by her beautiful appearance.
If he held out his hand now, would her past self return? -- Such foolish wishes crossed his mind.
"Nepenthes Lore is the final opponent I've prepared for you."
She smiled lightly.
"Very well then, blade dance to your heart's content, Kamito."
"...!"
Kamito wielded the Demon Slayer with both hands.
...The way she was now, it was impossible to reach her with words.
Only through a blade dance could her inner heart be touched.
"From distant lands I have brought forth endless darkness, to bestow upon you eternal punishment--"
Restia's adorable lips chanted spirit language.
Her figure disappeared as if melting into the darkness--
Instantly, a jet black demon sword appeared in the hand of Nepenthes Lore.
It was a great sword reminiscent of burning black flames of disaster. Although there were minute differences, it was indeed the same weapon that Kamito wielded three years ago.
The Vorpal Sword -- amongst darkness elemental waffen, it was indisputably the demon sword of the strongest class.
However, Kamito's current elemental waffe was no pushover either. Despite being incomplete, Est's rank as a spirit should be no inferior to Restia in any significant amount.
"--Let's go, Est!"
The Demon Slayer's blade shone with silver-white brilliance.
In the forest where the spirits were in a clamor, Milla ran desperately.
Her destination was the center of the stronghold where Claire and the girls were located. Naturally, the girls had already noticed the latest developments--
Suddenly, Milla discovered a fiery hell cat running from the depths of the forest.
She recalled its name was Scarlet, Claire's contracted spirit.
"...Milla!"
As Milla stopped, she heard a voice from that direction.
Appearing from the darkness were the three girls, Claire, Ellis and Rinslet. They were all wielding their elemental waffen, ready for battle.
"--Where's Kamito?"
As her shoulders heaved with her breathing, Claire asked with a face full of concern.
"He is currently fighting alone against Nepenthes Lore whom the darkness spirit brought."
"...What did you say!?"
Claire and the girls exchanged glances.
"Hurry and tell us where. We must fight together."
"...Fight together?"
Milla frowned... What was she saying?
"Yes. That is not an enemy Kamito can handle alone."
"If you don't hurry, Kamito-san will be taken out!"
Ellis and Rinslet pressed impatiently.
"But..."
These girls were definitely excellent elementalists.
However, they were surely unable to help Kamito. In fact, they were more likely to become a burden.
That Nepenthes Lore was truly a monster. By now, it had probably reached an even higher level of power compared to when the Rupture Division was annihilated.
The only one able to fight it head on was Kazehaya Kamito.
No, even Kamito might not win. Precisely because he understood the situation well, that was why he asked Milla to hurry to Claire and the other girls.
To help his important comrades escape.
Milla could sympathize with Kamito's feelings.
"--You girls, cannot go there."
"...? Why?"
Claire frowned with surprise as Ellis and Rinslet looked at each other.
"Kamito chose to fight alone for the sake of protecting you. Therefore, you cannot go."
"Did Kamito say that?"
"...Huh?"
"Did Kamito say he will fight alone?"
Claire stared straight into Milla's face.
Rather than scolding, she was speaking with an inexplicable sense of authority.
"Umm... But..."
Claire gently placed her hand on the confused Milla's head--
"No matter what, we have to go."
Forcefully, she declared.
"We are a team, and that guy -- is our precious comrade."
Ellis and Rinslet nodded silently.
'..."
Milla felt something rouse within her heart.
...An unidentified emotion.
Only, it felt scorching hot--
--At that moment, jet black lightning exploded in the distance.
"...!?"
"Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!"
Kamito leaped from the ground. Holding the sacred sword in both hands, he swung it down on the black knight's head.
Although this sacred sword, which had once destroyed the Demon King at the hands of the Sacred Queen, was only at one tenth of its original power, it was still sufficient to shatter the dragon knight Leonora's Dragon Slayer.
Nevertheless, the black knight's massive body turned and lightly blocked the attack using the dark demon sword.
Sparks scattered in the dark night. Pushed back by the receiving stroke, Kamito flew through the air.
(This thing has become much stronger since the last battle...!)
Smacking his lips as he landed, Kamito lowered his stance and attacked once again.
He was well aware of the severe drawbacks when fighting enemies of a superior physical build. In a direct clash of swords, Kamito, with his weaker arm strength, would be obviously disadvantaged.
(In that case, I must take advantage of the opponent's openings--)
Hence Kamito stepped forward.
Nepenthes Lore swept the jet black demon sword sideways--
In that instant, jet black lighting erupted from the demon sword's blade.
"...!?"
At the last moment, Kamito jumped sideways to evade. The innumerable lightning strikes released from the blade blasted a massive crater in the ground.
"...Even that can be used!?"
Kamito could not help but cry out.
Vorpal Blast -- that was the move that had filled numerous elementalists with fear three years ago.
It was the demon sword technique that Kamito had used to dominate and win the Blade Dance festival in the past as the strongest blade dancer.
Being devoured by the lighting meant instant death without question.
Nimbly dodging the storm of jet black lightning strikes, Kamito sought openings to approach Nepenthes Lore.
The clashing of the demon and sacred swords resulted in a continuous shower of sparks.
The Demon Slayer and the Vorpal Sword were equal in power.
Kamito swung his sword repeatedly to produce a storm of attacks, giving his opponent no opportunity to release lightning.
But he was unable to overwhelm his opponent. Nepenthes Lore displayed sword skills rivaling Kamito's. Furthermore, unlike Kamito, the black knight possessed nearly limitless divine power.
The only possible advantage was--
(...That guy is not Restia's true master through a proper contract.)
Even as the strongest demon sword, the Vorpal Sword, Restia was simply imitating the sword's appearance by her own will.
Consequently, the sword was not infused with the elementalist's own will.
Compared to an elemental waffe -- the weapon materialized by the unification of the contractor and the spirit's wills, the difference was paramount.
"You bastard--"
Kamito gripped the Demon Slayer tightly.
Entrusting complete faith in the spirit known as Est, he infused maximum divine power into the elemental waffe.
The sacred sword gave off dazzling brilliance and completely illuminated the darkness of the night.
"You can never wield Restia the same way as me!"
Kamito's strike swept the demon sword aside.
With an acute noise of metallic impact, Nepenthes Lore's body was sent off balance for the first time.
To prevent Kamito from following up the attack, Nepenthes Lore unleashed the Vorpal Blast.
Jet black lightning erupted from the blade of the demon sword.
--However, this was exactly what Kamito was waiting for.
The Vorpal Blast was not a pure sword skill but a type of spirit magic using the demon sword as a medium. Even though it did not require an incantation, activation of the technique still caused a brief momentary delay.
Seizing this opportunity, Kamito accelerated.
The lightning exploded before his eyes but Kamito did not falter. So long as he read the trajectory, Terminus Est's power was sufficient to deflect the lightning.
As a silver-white flash streaked through the air, the jet black lightning instantly dissipated.
"Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhh!"
Kamito did not stop. Raising the extended sacred sword, he invaded Nepenthes Lore's personal space like a tornado, chopping down at the massive body with his full strength.
The strike of the Demon Slayer shattered the black knight's helmet--
Engulfed by the light of Terminus Est, the jet black fragments vanished.
A terrifying roar pierced Kamito's ears.
Those eye sockets held glaring gazes of intense red light that seemed to penetrate Kamito.
"...!?"
Kamito widened his eyes in surprise.
He was immensely shocked by the sight before his eyes.
Exposed from the shattered armor--
That thing was not human.
Enveloped in black mist, that appearance was like a pitch black skeleton.
Amidst those eye sockets of infinite darkness, red eyes flashed with the light of disaster.
"This thing is... What the heck...?"
Kamito had known from the start that Nepenthes Lore was no ordinary elementalist.
However, this thing before him--
"--That's right, this is no human."
The one who answered was Restia, back in human form as a girl.
"--Awakened through forbidden magic, the Demon King's successor. Ren Ashdoll's will."
"...Ren Ashdoll?"
Kamito had heard that name many times before.
This was the name of the darkness elemental lord, reportedly vanquished during distant ancient times, whose existence itself was in doubt.
"Restia... You, what on earth..."
"That is all you can be told at this point."
Restia smiled tenderly.
As the light of disaster shone from Nepenthes Lore's eye sockets, roars shook the atmosphere.
The pressure Kamito felt on his entire body was completely different from earlier.
"...If my enemy is not human, then there's no need for me to hold back at all."
Kamito readied the Demon Slayer in a stance once more.
"I like that expression of yours. It reminds me of those times in the past."
"The way I am now, is different from the me you knew back then."
Kamito shook his head.
"Neither the strongest blade dancer from three years ago, nor the assassin from the Instructional School. Instead, I am now a member of Areishia Spirit Academy's Team Scarlet, Kazehaya Kamito!"
"That's right. You are much weaker than back then."
"So what?"
Kamito shrugged.
"Indeed I have weakened. If my past self from three years ago stood here -- me and Restia, even against this formidable Nepenthes Lore, I would feel no threat at all."
"Definitely. The one who knows best how powerful you are... Is me."
"However, perhaps you might not believe this--"
Kamito smiled fearlessly.
"From that Academy, I have obtained power surpassing myself three years ago."
"...? What did you just say?"
"Didn't you hear me? From the Academy, I have obtained power even greater than before."
Restia's beautiful face--
Began to show subtle signs of anxiety.
Such an expression was truly rare for her.
"...What a tasteless joke. Though surprisingly, your conceit and self-confidence is identical to when you were young."
Turning towards Nepenthes Lore, she lightly lifted her hand--
"This unfounded self-confidence of yours shall be utterly crushed by me."
Black flashing light erupted from her fingertips.
"Although she said the seal could not be released yet, let me treat you to a special sight. This is Nepenthes Lore's true power--"
"...!?"
Nepenthes Lore's massive body shook.
The jet black armor dissipated into black mist and melted into the darkness of the night--
(...What the heck is this!?)
Kamito gazed with full attention--
From the vanished armor, thick viscous darkness oozed out.
Squirming, shapeless darkness. Or rather, that thing was barely maintaining a human's form.
The repulsive skeleton emitted a bright red gaze as strange cursing laments leaked out of its mouth.
Restia's adorable lips twisted themselves slightly.
"Rather than protecting Nepenthes Lore, that armor acted as a seal to prevent its dark will from going berserk."
Restia's figure disappeared into the darkness and took on the demon sword's form once more.
The skeleton's skull seemed to be trembling with delight from being released, exhaling pitch black breath.
"This looks really bad..."
Kamito licked his lips and groaned... His fingertips trembling slightly.
A true monster -- compared to his opponent just now, this was a completely different being.
Kamito gripped his partner tightly, the sacred sword.
"--Est, I'm relying on you. Please lend me your power a little longer."
Hearing the sounds of blades clashing in the distance, Milla Bassett bit her lip hard.
Claire and the girls were moving towards Kamito's location.
(I...)
--No, I have no place to feel like I am in a dilemma.
Unable to use a contracted spirit, she would only be a liability.
(I, have no value anymore...)
Lightly, she touched her amber left eye -- the Demon Sealing Eye.
The icy cold sensation felt exactly like her heart right now.
The value as a vessel for a powerful tactical class spirit.
This was the entirety of her meaning in life.
(But, Kamito...)
Caressing her head, she recalled the warmth from that hand of his.
Hearing that he grew up in that Instructional School, just like herself -- no, surely he must have suffered far harsher training beyond what she had experienced.
Even so, he was still able to smile in that manner--
And believe in those girls, his comrades, to such an extent.
(He said, I am not a tool...)
Her emotions which had been trained to remain calm and unwavering, were starting to enter a state of turmoil.
(I wish, to become that person's strength...!)
Tears fell from Milla's eyes.
However, she was powerless in her current state.
...How regrettable.
At this time, running footsteps could be heard in the forest.
"...Fianna?"
Milla looked up.
Unsuited to combat, she should be hiding herself in the center of the stronghold instead, right -- ?
Fianna ran over as soon as she found Milla.
Probably because she was not in great physical shape, she was panting out of breath.
"I never expected the enemy to break through from the front like that. I've spent a lot of time assessing the damage and repairing the barrier. Although the barrier's overall functions have been recovered somewhat, the internal leylines have been messed up pretty badly..."
Apparently she had been busy repairing the damaged barrier. Ordinarily, fixing the barrier in such short time was not possible--
(...Speaking of which, she was originally a princess maiden and candidate for Queen.)
Purely in barrier construction, even amongst the other high level elementalists gathered at the Blade Dance festival, Fianna was likely unparalleled.
(...Barrier?)
Suddenly, a thought flashed across Milla's mind.
Even so, she still had a doubt -- why was Fianna still here?
"...You, where are you going?"
Seeing Fianna still out of breath, Milla asked.
"...? Isn't it obvious? Of course I'm going to assist Kamito-kun."
Fianna replied with an incredulous expression. Surprisingly, there was not the slightest hesitation in her eyes.
"After all, my knight spirit is better matched against a darkness spirit in a fight."
...That was besides the point. No matter how powerful a spirit she was contracted to, without undergoing any combat training, she would surely become a target.
"Why..."
"Eh?"
"Why, you girls..."
Milla could not comprehend their actions. Given Team Scarlet's combat potential, there was no way they could defeat Nepenthes Lore.
Clearly they did not fail to understand that--
Faced with Milla's perplexed expression, Fianna went "fufu" and smiled.
"Because we place our faith in Kamito-kun -- Therefore, Kamito-kun will surely trust in us."
"...!"
Milla's eyes widened suddenly.
...Kamito also believed in them?
Supposing, what if Kamito was not fighting for the sake of allowing the girls to escape--
(...Instead, he is aiming for victory together?)
Believing in his comrades, Kamito asked Milla to go to Claire and the rest.
However, she had interpreted his words as telling them to escape...!?
"Well, also..."
Fianna blushed shyly.
"Girls... As long as it's for the one they l-love, girls can do anything."
In a tiny whisper, barely audible, that was what she said.
"...?"
"You'll understand when you grow up."
Fianna shyly turned her blushing face away.
Seeing the imperial princess acting this way--
A certain notion surfaced in Milla's mind.
(That's right, given Fianna who is capable of constructing this sort of barrier...)
Perhaps an attempt might be successful after all...!
"Well then, I have to go--"
"--Wait."
Milla reached out and grabbed Fianna tightly from behind just as she was about to start running again.
"What is it?"
"This stronghold, is it currently under your control?"
"...? Yes. Although the damage is obvious, the barrier and the leylines are under my control."
Looking up at Fianna who was tilting her head in puzzlement, Milla spoke.
"I have an idea I'd like to try. I hope to obtain your assistance."
...Who knew if it would work. However, it was worth a try.
Milla lightly touched her Demon Sealing Eye on her left with her fingertip.
(If it fails -- even if it succeeds, I will lose my value.)
It would be an act that rejected the life she had lived up until now.
Even so -- if she did nothing at this juncture, she would surely regret it.
That was what she thought.
As if a scorching/burning hot idea suddenly exploded in her heart for the first time in her life--
Milla Bassett cried out.
"--Please. Take me to the heart of the stronghold!"
--As the mud-like darkness dripped down upon the ground, Nepenthes Lore roared.
Then the black knight pulled out the Vorpal Sword embedded vertically in the ground.
Tightly gripping the Demon Slayer as it shone with silver-white brilliance, Kamito began to charge.
Kicking the soles of his boots against the ground to gain speed -- Kamito closed in instantly.
(A sustained battle would be disadvantageous for me. Victory must be decided in the next strike...!)
But just as he stepped on the black mud stretching across the ground, in that very instant--
"--What!?"
An intensely draining sensation attacked his entire body, and Terminus Est's shining brightness suddenly disappeared.
(...As soon as this darkness touched, my power gets stolen!?)
The viscous darkness entangled his foot. Kamito smacked his lips and jumped.
Numerous dark tentacles sprouted from the ground to pursue Kamito as he jumped. Infusing divine power into Terminus Est which had lost its brightness, Kamito severed all the incoming tentacles.
Nepenthes Lore roared with laughter as if greatly delighted.
"...This monster, getting so excited from being freed!"
There was little leisure for further ridiculing the opponent. The bottomless ooze dripping from Nepenthes Lore's body was rapidly eroding the ground surface.
"Is this all the divine power absorbed from the elementalists so far...?"
Dodging the dark tentacles extending from the ground, Kamito waited for his chance.
Vorpal Blast was released from the dark demon sword in Nepenthes Lore's hand.
"...!?"
A dark thunderstrike that streaked across the ground in a straight line.
Kamito barely dodged to find a large patch of forest behind him annihilated without a trace.
This surprising firepower far surpassed the level displayed back when Nepenthes Lore was sealed in the armor.
Various spirits hidden in the forest were instantly destroyed, producing particles of light. Fleeing spirits were also captured and devoured by the dark tentacles sprouting from the ground.
"...Est!"
Kamito brushed away black mud and jumped, infusing the Demon Slayer with divine power.
Using the dazzling sacred sword, he swung down at the demon sword of darkness -- !
"Ohhhhhhhhhhhh!"
As if responding to Kamito's thoughts, Terminus Est's brightness intensified.
However.
Clang -- suddenly there was a minute metallic noise.
In the ensuing intense explosion of sparks, Kamito's ears caught the sound of a blade cracking.
(...Could it be possible, Est broke!?)
To this point, the Demon Slayer had vanquished numerous formidable foes.
For the very first time, Kamito experienced disadvantage in a frontal clash of blades.
Terminus Est was in no way inferior to Restia's demon sword.
But persisted use of an excessively powerful elemental waffe was depleting Kamito's divine power.
"...Tsk, I beg you Est, please endure a little while longer!"
Yelling at the same time, Kamito forced divine power into the sacred sword he gripped tightly.
Light and darkness were in stalemate once more. Sparks exploded from where the blades met.
Suddenly, Kamito felt a sharp pain from the spirit seal on his left hand.
--It's futile. In your current state, you cannot defeat Nepenthes Lore.
Restia's voice resounded in his mind directly.
She was speaking directly to Kamito's mind through the spirit seal.
--Awaken, Kamito. Show me your true power.
(...My true power?)
--Yes. Powerful enough to kill them, the true power of the Demon King.
(...With that power, will I be able to protect my comrades?)
Kamito asked in his heart as he infused divine power into the shining sacred sword--
(...Can it realize your Wish from three years ago, the one that was not realized?)
--It will. Furthermore, if you don't awaken now, you'll die.
"...Really?"
Kamito quietly closed his eyes.
The Demon King's power lying dormant in Kamito's body. Kamito still had no idea what she was talking about, but it seemed like he would be able to protect his comrades if he took possession of that power.
Kamito in his current state desperately wished to reach out for that power.
However--
"...I'm sorry. I'm not interested in that sort of unknown power."
As Kamito smiled fearlessly, he could feel Restia's dumbfounded surprise.
"Didn't I mention it just now? I have obtained new power."
...Very soon. That power was about to arrive.
"--Such as her, this sword spirit Est."
The precious partner who broke free from the shadow of tragedy and returned to Kamito's side.
As well as--
Kamito kicked at Nepenthes Lore's shoulder and leaped back.
The demon sword of darkness swung down.
Together with black mud, it approached Kamito forcefully--
In that very instant, a crimson slash lit the dark night on fire.
"--Turn into charcoal!"
As soon as they made contact with the chaotic flurry of flames, the dark tentacles disappeared without trace.
A burning wall of a flame illuminated the girl's figure a bright fiery red.
Those eyes of rubies shone with unyielding spirit. Her red twintails fluttered in the wind.
"--I've been waiting for you, Claire!"
Kamito made a thumbs up sign at the hell cat girl, standing proudly with Flametongue wielded in her hand.
"Kamito, I am here as well!"
"Kamito-san, me too!"
Ellis, armed with Ray Hawk, and Rinslet with Magic Bow of Ice also arrived.
"Don't forget, this Blade Dance festival is a team fight."
Kamito believed in his teammates whom, at the same time, also believed in him.
"--This is the power I did not have three years ago, Restia."
The four teammates swiftly entered into formation and faced off against the roaring Nepenthes Lore.

Amidst intensely burning flames, Team Scarlet's blade dance was starting.
With a furious howl, Nepenthes Lore released dark tentacles in all directions.
"Freezing fangs of ice, go forth and pierce -- Freezing Arrow!"
However, Rinslet's freezing arrows froze the countless tentacles, turning them into ice blocks that shattered upon falling to the ground.
"Leave those tentacles to me!"
"Yeah, I'll rely on you for support, Rinslet!"
Kamito readied his sword in a stance and walked side by side with Ellis.
"I will handle frontline defenses while you attack, Kamito."
"Got it."
Her ponytail was blowing haphazardly in the wind. Those stern brown eyes of hers, adorned by her eyebrows, glared straight at the enemy before them.
Kamito had fought in unison with Ellis numerous times on missions of the Sylphid Knights. She was a teammate he could entrust to protect his back with great assurance.
With Ellis and Kamito as the vanguard, Rinslet providing long range support fire, Claire commanded the team while she engaged in guerilla and disruption tactics. This was Team Scarlet's basic tactical formation.
--This is what you meant by the power you have obtained?
Restia's impatient voice resounded in Kamito's mind.
--How disappointing. Clearly no matter how many more people you gather, none of them can even hold a candle to you alone.
(--Well then, let's see, shall we?)
Kamito declared to her in his heart.
Then he whispered to Ellis beside him.
"Don't touch that thing's demon sword. Most spirits cannot withstand it. The only one who can clash blades directly is my Est."
"Understood."
Ellis nodded.
"Also, beware of that black mud. As soon as you touch it, your divine power will be stolen."
"What?"
Ellis' brown eyes stared wide.
The dark mud was continuing to spread. It had already invaded the majority of the ground. As a result, they could not even approach the immediate surroundings of Nepenthes Lore.
"Ellis, can you open up a path?"
"Yes, leave it to me."
Ellis agreed and readied Ray Hawk in a horizontal stance.
Rumbling, tempestuous magical wind gathered a the tip of the spear -- then she softly chanted the words of release.
"Evil winds -- Go and rampage!"
Instantly, innumerable blades of wind sliced the ground, blowing the mud of darkness away.
While the blades of wind were released, Kamito sprinted like wind across the torn open ground.
Nepenthes Lore's repulsive gaze seemed to pierce Kamito.
Such astounding killing intent, enough to make an average person lose consciousness, yet Kamito endured it head on.
He could not back down from fear now. Even when the opponent was a terrifying monster--
(...After all, the young ladies are watching me!)
The onslaught of raging blades of wind approached, but Nepenthes Lore easily deflected them with a flash of the demon sword of darkness.
(--Now is the moment!)
The instant before the mud of darkness invaded the ground again after being blown away...
Kamito leaped.
Maintaining his forward leaning posture, he closed in instantly, riding upon the roaring wind. These coordinated tactics were learned through training together with Ellis.
"Ohhhhhhhhhhhhh!"
As the Demon Slayer flashed with silver-white brilliance, Kamito chopped straight down.
The astounding shockwave shook the atmosphere.
Wielding the demon sword of darkness, Nepenthes Lore blocked this full powered attack.
However, Kamito's movements did not end there. Using the sword hilt as a pivot, he changed postures in midair, taking advantage of the deflection of Nepenthes Lore's blade to land a solid slash on the shoulder.
With a splatter of viscous dark matter, Nepenthes Lore's massive body shook slightly.
Landing on the ground, Kamito mercilessly followed up on his attack.
Chopping, thrusting, sweeping -- the sword flashed in the dark night.
A spectacular flowing blade dance worthy of the strongest blade dancer, Ren Ashbell, at peak performance.
The everchanging motions of Kamito's movements overwhelmed Nepenthes Lore's reaction speed.
Widening its great gaping jaws, Nepenthes Lore let loose a roar of pain.
Corrupted divine power spewed out in vast amounts, tainting the surrounding ground instantly.
"...!?"
Kamito smacked his lips in midair.
As soon as he landed on the mud, his divine power would be immediately robbed from him.
But just before he touched the ground--
"--May your pure white sighs give form to eternal frozen ice -- Frost Prison!"
A massive freezing arrow flew like a shooting star and struck the ground beneath Kamito's feet.
Instantly, rainbow-colored magical ice spread and froze the mud of darkness.
Kamito's boot soles landed on the magical ice. Then with the slimmest of margins, he dodged the sweeping demon sword of darkness using a sliding motion.
"Thanks for your great help. Great job, Rinslet!"
"Hmph, naturally!"
Rinslet proudly swept her hand through her hair.
Kamito jumped from the ice and attacked Nepenthes Lore with godlike speed in a triple combo.
"--Still not enough!"
Double, then triple -- a five-hit combo delivered with thrusts mixed in.
Taking advantage of openings in the demon sword of darkness, Kamito attacked in rapid succession as if performing a dance.
As numerous dark tentacles attacked from behind, they were all struck down by Claire's Flametongue.
Kamito's skill with the sword was completely dominating.
Nevertheless, his face displayed anxiety.
(--This won't end if this continues!)
Like a mass of shape-shifting darkness, Nepenthes Lore's body immediately regenerated as soon as it was damaged.
(Furthermore, my divine power is reaching its limits--)
Terminus Est's brilliance was weakening as it flashed in the dark.
Even as an elemental waffe of the strongest class, her true worth could not produce effect without the contractor's infused divine power.
In a moment of distraction, Kamito's sword was deflected by the demon sword of darkness.
"...!?"
Just as Kamito was sent off balance--
The tip of the demon sword released the Vorpal Blast --
"--Kamito!"
With a crimson slash, Flametongue coiled around Nepenthes Lore's arm.
With the trajectory of the sword's fall diverted slightly, the jet black lightning flew past Kamito.
The resulting lightning strike vaporized a fan-shaped segment of the forest.
"--That was really close... Yah!"
Claire found herself flying through the air. Nepenthes Lore had grabbed Flametongue and flung sideways in a horizontal sweeping motion.
"Claire!"
Kamito was about to hurry over--
But suddenly halted his steps.
Without him noticing, the viscous darkness was approaching before him.
The repulsive darkness that stole divine power as soon as contact was made, was spreading with astounding speed.
This massive amount did not come simply from the elementalists Nepenthes Lore stole divine power from.
Rather, the monster had amplified its power after making contact with the leylines flowing in the ground.
Kamito's surroundings had turned into a swamp of darkness. As things stood, Kamito's foothold would soon be engulfed as well.
(Even the stronghold...)
Kamito gnashed his teeth.
Crushing despair loomed over him as if materialized tangibly.
Terminus Est's brightness had weakened greatly.
In his current state, Kamito did not even have the strength to slash apart the darkness and break through by force.
--This is the end, Kamito. You cannot defeat this sort of power.
As the spirit seal on his left hand stung with pain, Kamito heard the transmission of Restia's sweet and beautiful voice.
(I...!)
The approaching darkness surrounded Kamito.
"Kamito!"
"Kamito-san!"
Ellis and Rinslet screamed.
Completely cut off from any escape route, Kamito's feet were just about to make contact with the darkness--
"Damn it...!"
At this moment--
Suddenly, dazzling brightness erupted from the ground beneath.
"...What!?"
The ground that was covered by the viscous darkness began to rumble and heave as if boiling. Down below, numerous shining magic circles appeared one after another -- !

The darkness cornering Kamito from all sides receded like a tide.
"What on earth happened...?"
"--Flowing through the leylines of the stronghold, holy power is pouring out nonstop!"
Claire yelled.
"Leylines... Then it's Fianna?"
The stronghold constructed by Fianna was specially designed to be able to adjust the flow of leylines from the central hub, thereby allowing support effects to be delivered from the blessing of spirits.
But this overwhelming power carrying the holy attribute, what was supplying it--
"Could it be...!?"
"...How amazing. Is this the power of the spirit sealed in your eye?"
"No, this is simply the release of a fraction of its power..."
The location was the central hub which controlled the leylines.
Kneeling before the tiny shrine established before a sacred tree, Milla shook her head.
Her expression was distorted from pain while her forehead sweated profusely.
"Only a fraction..."
Fianna murmured with a terrified expression.
As an outstanding princess maiden, she could keenly sense the spirit's power through her skin.
The tactical class militarized spirit -- Crusaders. The spirit summoned by Milla Bassett was definitely a norm-defying existence.
"Milla, what do you see?"
As Milla knelt with her eyes closed, Fianna asked.
Currently, Fianna had transferred the stronghold's control to Milla.
This was for the purpose of using the stronghold's leylines to release the power of the spirit residing in her Demon Sealing Eye.
Once the Demon Sealing Eye's power was connected to the stronghold, perhaps the powerful tactical-class militarized spirit's power could be drawn out -- that was what Milla considered.
However, the transfer of a stronghold's control rights was normally not possible. The only reason why the connection succeeded was due to the merits of the former Queen candidate, Fianna.
"--There are four flashing lights. They are about to be devoured by the repulsive darkness."
"It must be Kamito-kun and the rest. Concentrate your consciousness there."
"Yes..."
Milla nodded as she pressed her hand against the amber left eye that was dripping blood.
The control of the multiple complicated barriers comprising a stronghold was a massive burden both physically and mentally. Furthermore, Milla was not a princess maiden trained at the Divine Ritual Institute. Even with Fianna's support, simply enduring the intense pain from the backlash was consuming all of Milla's efforts.
"Ah... Guh... Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhh!"
"Milla, don't overdo it!"
"...No prob... lem... Guh..."
Milla's tiny hand gave off the light of blue-white lightning.
Transmitting a militarized spirit's power through leylines was already an outrageous notion. If this continued, her Demon Sealing Eye was at risk of damage.
"...Guh... N-Noble-minded knights of the sacred king--"
Accompanying the reverse current of divine power, intense pain tormented the young girl's body.
But paying it no heed, Milla released the power of the spirit sealed within the Eye.
"--Your sword... Exists to vanquish the strong and protect the weak--"
--Even if it breaks, I don't mind.
(Only at this moment, so long as Kamito is protected...)
With a crisp shattering sound, a crack appeared on Milla's left eye.
"Gather upon my battlefield, to swing that sword without reservation -- Crusaders!"
Then Milla hoarsely expelled this spirit releasing incantation from her throat.
"...This is!?"
The sight before him made Kamito widen his eyes in surprise.
Pure and serene brightness was emitted from numerous magic circles extending all across the ground.
The power released from the leylines, carrying the holy attribute, was purifying the filthy darkness.
No, not only that.
From the innumerable magic circles, something was coming out--
Namely, innumerable swords. Innumerable spears. Innumerable shields.
An army composed of a great number of knights of light.
"W-What the heck, this is...!"
"Unbelievable, a legion type tactical-class militarized spirit...!"
Seeing the massive number of knights filling the surroundings, Kamito muttered in amazement.
The ranks of these various knights were all vastly inferior to Fianna's Georgios.
However, their numbers were greatly inflated.
Several dozen -- no, there were probably hundreds of them.
The manifested knights held shining swords and chopped apart the darkness invading the ground.
Great numbers of knights disappeared continually as they were devoured by the darkness or cut down by Nepenthes Lore's demon sword, but due to the power of their expanding numbers, the dark mud was blocked from advancing.
"Is it Milla...?"
Kamito looked up as he muttered softly.
--Suddenly at this time, the Demon Slayer stabbed into the ground shone with brilliance once more.
The body of the blade was instantly enveloped in dazzling light, illuminating the darkness of the night.
"This is..."
Kamito could feel the rushing flow of power in his body.
Via the leylines flowing underground, pure and sacred divine power was continuously poured into him.
Although the stronghold built by Fianna already carried the function of refilling the divine power of elementalists, the amount flowing into Kamito from the ground was massive divine power several dozen times that of normal.
Soon after--
The Crusaders who had trampled the darkness with their overwhelming numbers, turned into particles of light and dissipated in the air.
The mud of darkness that had turned the ground into a swamp was banished in a mere period of a minute or two.
"--Are you ready, Est?"
Kamito asked the sword in his hand.
As if answering, Terminus Est shone with maximum brightness.
Wielding the shining Demon Slayer in both hands, Kamito--
"--Let's finish this, go!"
He shouted at the young ladies, his teammates.
"Right." "Yes." "Understood."
Claire, Ellis and Rinslet nodded simultaneously.
Kamito rushed towards Nepenthes Lore who was swinging the demon sword of darkness.
In that instant, the dark demon sword sounded as the Vorpal Blast flashed.
A merciless lightning strike at maximum power, this was without a doubt a red herring intending to pin down Kamito's movements.
Dodging it would be easy -- However, Kamito advanced directly instead.
"Wait a minute, Kamito!?"
Claire cried out in surprise.
Kamito smiled fearlessly and swung the sacred sword in his hand.
"--Don't worry. Given the Est and I currently, we can slice it apart!"
As the Demon Slayer flashed with brilliance, the dark lightning was easily sliced in half.
"Ohhhhhhhhhhhhh!"
Just like that, Kamito kicked the ground to gain speed.
His body felt exceptionally light. Every time he stepped on the ground, divine power coursed through his entire body, delivered from the leylines.
Before him, Nepenthes Lore seemed to be displaying fear slightly. However, the opponent in Kamito's eyes was not the dark monster but the elemental waffe held in its hand -- the Vorpal Sword.
"--I have arrived, Restia!"
As he yelled, Kamito performed an astounding series of strikes.
With an intense showering of sparks, the Demon Slayer clashed against the Vorpal Sword.
Kamito's high speed attacks overwhelmed Nepenthes Lore's regeneration rate, causing the humanoid dark matter to begin collapsing.
(...This is the end!)
Gripping Terminus Est tightly, Kamito entered a low attack stance.
This was a purely offensive stance, full of openings, that sacrificed all defenses.
Nepenthes Lore's arm regressed into an ugly dark mass as it approached Kamito head on.
However, Kamito had absolute confidence.
He trusted his most precious comrades.
"Freezing fangs of ice, go forth and pierce -- Freezing Arrow!"
Numerous freezing arrows rained down, shot from afar.
The arm reaching out was frozen by the magical ice and nailed to the ground.
Nepenthes Lore roared as it prepared to crush Kamito beneath its massive body--
"Keeper of the burning furnace, release your wrath -- Flame Chain!"
The spiral burning Flametongue restrained Nepenthes Lore's entire body.
Just as the dark masses stopped moving -- in that instant, Kamito seized the opportunity to press near.
Lightly lowering his posture, he leaped -- !
"Courageous wind, grant your blessing to the brave warrior -- Sylphid Feathers!"
Having leapt, Kamito was pushed by the wind released by Ellis' spirit magic.
(...The way I am now, will I be able to perform the sixteen hit combo?)
Slashing at Nepenthes Lore's massive body, Kamito smiled fearlessly.
Not intended to be used against elementalists, this was a destructive sword technique for destroying massive spirits.
Three years ago, taught by the Dusk Witch Greyworth, an ultimate secret technique.
It was originally a dual wielding sword skill -- nevertheless, Kamito in his current state was able to imitate it.
(I was only able to master this technique thanks to you, Restia...)
The Demon Slayer in Kamito's hand gave off light which overwhelmed darkness--
Instantly, Kamito's figure disappeared.

"--Bursting Blossom Spiral Blade Dance - Sixteen Consecutive Strikes!"

Numerous slashes streaked brightly against the darkness of the night.
Dancing in midair, Kamito unleashed a furious wave of sixteen consecutive attacks.
Reduced to a dark mass, Nepenthes Lore's body was being sliced and chopped, gradually collapsing.
"That sword skill--"
"Could it be, Ren Ashbell's!?"
Watching from the ground, Claire and Ellis exclaimed in surprise.
This was precisely the sword technique displayed three years ago at the Blade Dance festival by Ren Ashbell, the strongest blade dancer.
With a thunderous boom, Nepenthes Lore fell upon the ground as black mud. Even though it barely maintained humanoid form, its movements were rather sluggish now.
Still possessing one remaining arm, it swung the demon sword of darkness--
"--You, dispassionate Queen of Steel, the demon slaying sacred sword!"
A spirit language incantation could be heard coming from above.
"--By the sacred light of punishment, may my enemies be crushed!"
Descending, Kamito pierced the dark mass with the Demon Slayer in his hand.
A bright and intense explosion occurred, instantly filling his view.
In that instant, Nepenthes Lore's material body was completely destroyed.
Clang--
Restia's elemental waffe, the Vorpal Sword, was embedded in the ground like a tombstone.
The demon sword of darkness then started dissipating into the air as particles of light--
"Restia!?"
Before she fully disappeared, Kamito grabbed the demon sword's hilt.
"...Guh, ah... Ahhhhhhhhhh!"
The leather glove started melting with a sizzling sound as Kamito felt the searing pain of burns.
Kamito's spirit seal was displaying a rejection reaction.
"Kamito, what are you doing!?"
Claire cried out with shock.
Even so, Kamito did not let go. Enduring the pain, he infused divine power into the sword.
--Don't do this, Kamito. You can no longer touch me.
Starting from the tip of the black blade, the demon sword of darkness was gradually disappearing as if melting.
Restia's voice sounded mournful as it resounded in Kamito's mind.
"Shut up... I'm not going to let go. I will absolutely never let you go!"
--What a fool. Clearly I am no longer the same me that you knew.
"Is that really true?"
--Huh?
"Have you really become a totally different existence from the Restia in the very beginning?"
Despite the frighteningly intense pain, Kamito embraced the gradually disappearing demon sword.
...Three years ago on that day, something happened.
Then she changed -- that was indisputable.
(But...)
--He could feel it without a doubt.
The existence of her who had brought Kamito light when he was young.
"Kamito..."
"...!?"
A faint trembling voice.
Kamito felt warmth embraced in his arms.
By the time he noticed, Kamito found himself embracing a girl instead of a demon sword.
The darkness spirit, a girl in a dark dress.
"...I'm sorry, Kamito. The me you know is no longer."
Her dusk-colored eyes wavered as she made a lonely smile.
Her body gradually disappeared.
"...Let me tell you. Three years ago on that day, what wish you tried to make."
Restia's soft lips lightly touched Kamito's lips.
"--!"
Plunged into the paralyzing sweetness--
Kamito's mind was swept into the memories of that day.
--Those were lost memories.
The final memories of their happy days together.
The final day of the Blade Dance festival when the strongest blade dancer, Ren Ashbell, obtained victory.
Just before gaining an audience with the Elemental Lords--
"--Hey Kamito, I hope you can realize my Wish."
"Yeah, I only won for your sake, Restia."
The boy answered innocently.
Replying to the most important girl in the world to him.
"However, once you make that wish, you will make the world your enemy, you know?"
"...I don't care. As long as it is for your sake, Restia."
The boy did not waver.
Even with the world as his enemy--
As long as this girl stayed by his side, that was enough.
"So, what is the wish?"
"Well--"
The darkness spirit girl lightly brought her lips close to the boy's ear.
Then--

The night of the intense battle had passed and the next dawn arrived. After a simple breakfast--
Milla Bassett abruptly brought up an issue.
"...Is that really okay, Milla?"
"It has already been decided."
Enduring the gazes of everyone present, Milla nodded.
"Having lost the Crusaders sealed in the Eye, I have no way of winning the Blade Dance."
Fundamentally, summoning spirits through a stronghold's leylines was completely outrageous.
Milla's left eye had cracked and lost its luster.
This was her decision as one who was no longer an elementalist--
Withdrawal from the Blade Dance festival--
"But what will you do from here on?"
Claire asked.
No longer an elementalist. Where could she go?
"I can no longer return to the Principality of Rossvale, because I have betrayed my home country's hopes and expectations... However, it is fine. I will find new meaning for myself."
Although her expression was stiff as always, her tone of voice sounded a bit cheerful.
"If you wish, please come to my home. We can hire you as a Laurenfrost maid."
Rinslet swept a hand through her hair as she spoke.
"Don't. The Laurenfrost lands are not only in the countryside but also cold as hell. Rather than that, come to my home. To restore the House of Elstein to its former glory requires additional manpower."
"W-What did you say!?"
Rinslet glared furiously at Claire.
"...I am most grateful for the offers. I will bear them in mind."
Milla nodded.
"Fufu, you can also live with me and Kamito-kun, the three of us together~"
"Wait a minute, what do you mean by you and Kamito living together!?"
Instantly, Claire and Fianna's quarrelling erupted.
Kamito could do nothing but sigh.
"Kamito..."
Milla looked up at Kamito and spoke up.
"Hmm?"
"After the Blade Dance festival ends, will you continue your story?"
"Ah sure, as much as you want."
Kamito patted Milla lightly on the head and smiled wryly.
Milla's words just now sounded almost like Kamito's catchphrase back when he was young.
"--As the Rupture Division's allied team, please obtain victory to the very end."
"Of course."
Kamito agreed and the young ladies nodded.
As they nodded, Milla handed over the two magic stones in her possession to Kamito.
Her own as well as the one taken from the member of the Sacred Spirit Knights.
Kamito accepted it carefully.
Soon after the magic stones left her possession, the forced transfer magic activated.
A magic circle appeared beneath Milla's feet as her body dissipated into particles of light--
"Goodbye--"
Several seconds later, the leader of the Rupture Division, Milla Bassett, disappeared from the competition.
"..."
For a while, silence persisted--
"...Our blade dance has not ended. Or rather, this is simply the beginning."
The first to speak was Claire.
"Yeah, that's right."
Kamito nodded as the other girls all looked up.
"According the wind spirits' report, the third day's situation has undergone major changes."
"Finally time for the real blade dance to begin..."
Hearing Ellis' report, Rinslet nodded.
The majority of teams had constructed all kinds of strongholds and had entered the stage of information gathering.
Starting from today, the fourth, the battles would likely intensify.
"Amongst the twenty-four teams, nine have been eliminated, including the Rupture Division. Right now, the team holding the greatest number of magic stones is undoubtedly Team Inferno."
"We're really behind now eh."
"...That's right. We have to be more proactive."
"By the way, Kamito--"
"What?"
Claire glared at Kamito angrily--
"Y-You, a-again you k-kiss, k-kissed that darkness spirit girl!"
"Uh, no, that..."
Kamito stammered.
"That's right, what was that about!?"
"Hmm, I believe there is a need to clear this up no matter what!"
"Kamito-kun!"
Rinslet, Ellis and Fianna pressed on the offensive.
"Kamito, that spirit is so sly. Please kiss me too."
"E-Est!?"
As Kamito sat in state of shock--
"...?"
Lightly, a black feather fluttered down from the air.
Noticing it suddenly, Kamito grabbed it with his fingers.
"Restia..."
As he gazed upon this black feather--
Kamito once again recalled the memories he caught sight of.
(Three years ago, the wish I made for her was...)
Restia proceeded to utter the absolutely forbidden wish.
"--I hope you can assassinate them. The five Elemental Lords."

--If possible, Kamito, I wish to die by your hand.
To all readers who bought this book, I would like to express my sincere gratitude.
I hereby present the sixth installment of "Seirei Tsukai no Blade Dance," the "Reminisced Darkness Spirit"!
Due to Est's resurrection, Kamito and his team were able to defeat the formidable Knights of the Dragon Emperor. Just as they were enjoying brief respite, they received the Rupture Division's proposal for an alliance. Heading off to negotiate, Kamito and Claire were intercepted by the mysterious black knight -- as well as the contracted spirit of the past.
"This is the final opponent I've prepared for you."
The awakening of Kamito's childhood memories. The encounter with the Rupture Division -- Milla Bassett.
Finally, the strongest enemy attacked Team Scarlet...!
The Blade Dance main competition is reaching a climax, hence there is a greatly increased amount of battle scenes this time.
Also, the original preview in Volume 5 for the next subtitle was "The Strongest Blade Dancer (tentative)." Due to various reasons (*the author's carelessness), it had to be changed... I am most sorry (sweating).
No matter what, in the second story of the "Blade Dance story arc," changes will be made to my original plans. So please rest assured, everyone. Volume 7 will be attacking with great vigor in spirit!
Just to let you know. "Seirei Tsukai no Blade Dance" has also been adapted into a flash game. I, Shimizu Yuu, slacked off to play it for a bit and now I'm addicted. I really recommend it for people who likes to pop bubble wrap packaging, you really must try it.
Also, BROCCOLI-sama has produced a microfiber towel for a Blade Dance character (Claire). As the first promotion product created, I am very happy about this. That cuteness and healing feeling is really recommended.
Acknowledgements. Firstly, thanks goes to Sakura Hanpen-sensei who drew all these cute illustrations again. I am utterly grateful. Restia on the cover is truly an angel. Arranging the covers of the six published volumes side by side, I feel really happy.
Also, thanks goes to Umeda Natsuno-sensei who drew adorable SD characters. Your creations are so cute that I even felt a delusion wanting to ask as certain company whose name starts with N to produce a series of figures. Thank you for your continued support.
Shouji-san, the Sephiroth of the publishing industry (*because you're always dressed like some kind of final boss from an RPG), thank you for handling all the troubles I've brought upon you. My thanks really cannot be expressed fully in words.
And of course, my greatest thanks goes to all the readers.
Starting from the end of last year, thanks to everyone's support, this series began to go through additional reprints and now reached the sixth volume successfully.
My intention was to write about "cute beauties" x "hot-blooded battles" -- I won't forget this series' initial premise and I'll work hard towards the goal of "more love, more comedy, battles above all!" So from here onwards, I hope everyone can continue your support. Your comments in the text message survey have been the greatest encouragement. Sakura Hanpei-sensei and I are very happy to receive them!
Okay, as for the usual popularity poll, as the cover of Volume 5, Est won the number one spot with over 400 votes. Greatly surpassing all other candidates. Will the Est faction continue their dominance?
In second place we have the stern and grumbling beauty, captain of the knights, Ellis Fahrengart. She looks really cute hugging Scarlet (even though Scarlet feels very troubled). Slightly behind in number three is Rinslet the high-class Laurenfrost young lady, the perfect superwoman who excels in all maid skills including cooking. A bit of a waste for a high-class lady. In fourth place is tsundere hell cat girl Claire Rouge. For some reason, the fearless girl who is always featured in special fan service scenes. Even though she keeps wanting to turn Kamito into charcoal, she really is a very gentle girl.
In fifth place is the darkness spirit, Restia. Even though rumors are rife that she is Kamito's one and only true love and legal wife, what is the actual truth? She really looks like an angel on the Volume 6 cover.
Next in sixth is Fianna Ray Ordesia Her Highness the imperial princess. She not only holds the advantage of knowing Kamito's true identity but is also one of the more womanly members of Team Scarlet. Mature and adorable at the same time. In seventh place we have our protagonist Kazehaya Kamito. When will we be able to witness him cross-dressing? (Secretly winks at Sakura Hanpei-sensei).
In actual fact, the difference between third and sixth place is very minute (29 votes), so in this massive free-for-all, it would not be surprising for the rankings to change any time without warning. Others such as Leonora and Muir are also quite popular.
The survey can be entered by using the QR code at the end of the Afterword. Please try it if you wish to support your favorite character. Starting with this volume, we are accommodating smart phones.
As for the author's recent news, lately I've been zealously collecting sample food models. Those imitations that restaurants put out to display their menu items. The latest ones are so exquisite they make me really touched.
And so, let us meet again at the next installment, "The Strongest Blade Dancer (tentative)"!
--The author has already received notice to start writing the next draft! (Concentrated linework appears on face like special effects.)

Shimizu Yuu, January 2012
Welcome for the first time and welcome back for returning readers. This is hello from Sakura Hanpen!
I never expected it'd be a Restia cover this time!
Having progressed to Volume 6, many mysteries have started to unravel and building up towards a climax. I'm really struggling with the urge to find out what happens next.
Restia-san really has too many secrets!?
As for the cover, due to having read so many descriptions of Restia's black wings, I drew wings on her on impulse...!
In order to depict Restia's maidenly cuteness and seductive feeling, I put in everything I've got!
Well then, I guess it's about time to say bye to the readers!
Who will be next on the cover...!?
Shimizu-san, I am really looking forward to the next volume! I really want to read it as soon as possible...!
So, let's meet again next volume～(＇w｀)ノシ

"...Res...tia...?"
Dawn's rays were shining upon Winter Gulf Castle's terrace—
Kamito could only stand there in shock, staring in astonishment.
His gaze was fixed firmly upon the girl standing behind Claire.
Long and beautiful hair that seemed to meld with the darkness of night. Dusk-colored eyes that reflected sunlight to produce a mysterious color. Clad in Elfim clothing, her delicate body exhibited beauty like that of fine glassware. Her clear skin was snow white.
Although she was not wearing her usual dress in the color of night, this was undoubtedly Restia's appearance.
Darkness Spirit Restia—Her true name was Restia Ashdoll.
She was the contracted spirit whom Kamito was supposed to have killed in that shrine of the Elemental Lords.
"...Are you really... Restia...?"
Breathing irregularly, Kamito approached her with unsteady footsteps.
Despite confronting that appearance of hers face to face, Kamito still could not believe it.
Indeed, she should have ceased to exist right before Kamito's eyes.
Before he touched her with his hand, he could not believe this was real.
His fingertips made contact with her slender shoulder.
In that instant, the girl with Restia's appearance shrank away in fear.
"U-Umm..."
"...Restia?"
The unexpected reaction gave Kamito pause.
Her dusk-colored eyes seemed to—
"—Kamito."
A voice called out from behind him.
Kamito looked back to see Claire staring at him with mixed feelings.
"Claire, what on earth happened to her...?"
"Listen here, Kamito—"
In that instant, Claire spoke to Kamito hesitantly but paused.
Soon after, she continued as though mustering her resolve:
"This girl seems to have forgotten everything about us."
—That was the conversation that had taken place.

There was a room on the highest floor of Winter Gulf Castle, originally used as Margrave Laurenfrost's office.
Currently, the castle's rooms were opened up for the numerous wounded soldiers, hence, this office was the only place remaining where Kamito and company could settle down for a calm conversation without fear of eavesdropping spirits.
A room with only minimum necessary furniture, tables and chairs—
"In other words, you lost your memory too..."
"...Yes."
Shifting her gaze slightly away, the girl nodded lightly.
Kamito and the girl were alone here. Deciding that it might be easier for the two of them to talk alone, Rinslet and the others had tactfully departed.
(...This is Restia, right?)
Kamito thought to himself. He had already confirmed many times with his own eyes.
After all, he could not mistake this appearance.
She was the contracted spirit who had remained at his side the whole time since his childhood.
Even so, his disbelief stemmed from how different she currently was, compared to the Restia he knew so well.
(...The Restia I know would never show such a gaze.)
Slight fear could be seen in her dusk-colored eyes.
That gaze, as though looking at a complete stranger, brought stinging pain to Kamito's chest.
Several days had passed since her awakening in the Forest of Ice Blossoms.
While she was wandering the forest, escaping from the Holy Kingdom's knights who were targeting her, Elfim children had discovered her and hid her at their village.
She had forgotten all memories prior to that, only remembering the name "Restia." Let alone memories of Kamito, she did not even remember the fact that she was a spirit.
(That's very similar to my case when I first woke up...)
Kamito recalled when he had woken up at the Academy recently.
At the time, Kamito had been in a state of amnesia due to the psychological shock of losing Restia.
Due to this condition, he had lost all memories related to Restia.
Of course, no matter how similar their symptoms, seeing as Kamito was a human and Restia was a spirit, they could not be judged using the same standards...
(...Rather, I'd say it's more similar to Iseria's situation.)
Iseria Seaward was the Water Elemental Lord's incarnation who had guided Kamito to these lands. At one point, she had also been sealed underground at the Abandoned City, having lost all her memories apart from her own name.
Although Iseria's case seemed more like someone had intentionally applied a seal, perhaps it was possible that someone's will had interfered with Restia too—?
"So, do you know why you were teleported to this forest?"
She shook her head lightly as soon as he asked his question.
"No, I really can't remember anything before waking up in the forest."
"...I see. If only there were some clues to get your memory back."
Seeing Kamito sigh, she suddenly thought of something, looked up and said:
"Speaking of which, the princess maiden of the Forest Dwellers said the Queen of Ice Blossoms called for me—"
"...Judia?"
The Queen of Ice Blossoms was the title given to the human princess maiden, Judia Laurenfrost, by the Elfim race living in the Forest of Ice Blossoms.
The Otherworldly Darkness had corrupted her three years ago during a failed ritual. Using her as a catalyst to manifest in the human realm, it summoned the guardian spirit Zirnitra to these lands. Merging with the Otherworldly Darkness, Zirnitra had destroyed the Forest of Ice Blossoms within merely the span of one night.
Liberated from the darkness by the Demon Slayer's power, Judia was still sleeping in a room in the castle.
(Judia had called Restia to these lands. If that's true—)
During the instant when Restia vanished, the Otherworldly Darkness spilling out from the shrine of the Elemental Lords, or something else, could have interfered with Restia—
Kamito looked up and turned to Restia again.
"Is there anything else you remember? Anything at all, like individual terms flashing through your mind... Such as 'Instructional School' or 'Dusk Witch'—"
However, Restia simply shook her head gently.
"...I'm sorry. I really can't recall anything."
She whispered very apologetically.
"I still can't understand completely... that I'm a spirit and contracted to you, stuff of that sort—"
Her voice trembled slightly.
"...I'm really sorry... I guess you're still very confused."
Kamito frantically apologized and placed his hand on Restia's head.
"It's fine if you can't remember me. More important than anything else, you're still alive and we're reunited again, that's good enough—"
"..."
Kamito looked at Restia's dusk-colored eyes incredulously.
(...She used to stroke my head during the nights whenever I couldn't sleep.)
Recalling past memories, Kamito smiled wryly.
It was his first time stroking Restia's head. What a new experience.
"U-Umm, it really tickles..."
Troubled whispers came from Restia.
"Oh sorry, I accidentally..."
At this moment, there was knocking at the door of this quiet room.
"Onii-sama, breakfast is ready."
Kamito heard the voice of Mireille, Rinslet's little sister.
"Oh, it's already such an hour—"
Rising from his chair, Kamito opened the door.
Standing in front of the door was Mireille with Milla the maid by her side.
"Good morning, Onii-sama."
Raising her skirt hem lightly in a curtsy, Mireille greeted adorably.
"Oh, good morning. Was it scary last night?"
"I was fine. Onee-sama and Milla were by my side."
Mireille nodded resolutely.
Last night, this Winter Gulf Castle had almost fallen to the siege by swarms of ice dragons controlled by Zirnitra. Even as a proud daughter of nobles, Mireille was only nine years old. It should have been a terrifying experience.
"I see. You're such a brave child, Mireille."
Kamito stooped down to Mireille's height and patted her on the head.
"My goodness, I hate it when you treat me like a child, Onii-sama."
Mireille pouted angrily.
"Kamito, take this—"
"What do I do with it?"
Milla handed out a maid uniform of the same design as what she was wearing.
Looking at Restia behind Kamito, Milla said calmly:
"Wearing Elfim clothing inside the castle is too conspicuous. It would be best to change into this."
"...Understood."
Restia whispered and accepted the maid uniform.
"So, Onii-sama, please leave the room."
"—Why?"
"My goodness! Do you intend to peek on a girl changing?"
"Oh right..."
Set straight by Mireille, Kamito exited the room in a panic.
—Several minutes later, Restia walked out of the room, having changed into a lovely maid uniform.
Long black hair reaching to her waist, an excellent match with the whiteness of her maid's headdress.
Back in her old dress of darkness, Restia gave off an aura of mysterious charm, but now, her appearance was that of an ordinary girl.
"It suits you very well, Miss Spirit."
"D-Does it?"
Slightly shyly, Restia blushed.
"Well, Onii-sama, don't you have any comments?"
"O-Oh... It's very cute."
Kamito scratched his cheek while looking away.
"T-Thank you..."
Blushing intensely, Restia looked down in embarrassment.
"...Hoo, it's really quite cold."
The chilly air of the Laurenfrost lands was making Kamito shiver a bit.
Bringing Restia along in her maid uniform, Kamito was following a parapet wall towards the castle's plaza.
Est had stayed in the room. Kamito had wanted to cancel her sword form, but she seemed quite exhausted after the previous day's battle, giving no response to Kamito's touch.
(...That can't be helped either.)
The castle's halls were filled with injured soldiers. Meals had to be eaten outdoors.
Normally, daughters of nobles would not eat together with commoners, but Rinslet ordered to have the plaza opened up for everyone in the castle to share meals together outdoors.
This was probably one reason why Margrave Laurenfrost's family was well loved and respected by the majority of their subjects.
"...Even so, I'm amazed that it's still holding up after that kind of attack."
From the edge of the damaged wall, Kamito looked down at the plaza below.
Roughly a few hours ago, this castle was still under attack from ice dragons.
Piles of debris and gigantic corpses of ice dragons. Large spirits were clearing up. A long line of soldiers were waiting to eat near tents.
Seeing the soldiers wrapped in blood-soaked bandages, Restia reacted with a pained look.
"There's not enough people to help with treatment?"
"No, the Wolf Ritters' healers have gone off with Father's delegation to attend the All Nations Conference. The castles of nobles with elementalists are quite far from here and will need more time before they arrive."
Mireille shook her head and explained.
"If only I could use healing magic too."
Restia bit her lip hard and showed a suffering expression.
Seeing that look on Restia's face, Milla asked Kamito with a complicated expression:
"Kamito, is this girl really that darkness spirit?"
"...?"
Kamito frowned for an instant, but soon figured it out.
(Oh right, Milla's team was in the Blade Dance—)
Milla had belonged to the Rupture Division, a team that had been crushed by the partnership of Nepenthes Lore and Restia.
Having tasted such terror, Milla probably had difficulty believing that the current Restia was the same one she had encountered in the past.
"...To be honest, I'm not sure either."
Kamito shook his head and replied.
"In terms of appearance, it's definitely Restia, no mistake about it..."
Indeed, looking at the current Restia, one would conclude that the memories and personality constituting the past Restia had vanished completely.
Was her case like Kamito's earlier where simply memories were sealed? Or perhaps—
"...What's wrong?"
Seeing Kamito stop walking, Restia tilted her head and looked back at him.
—This behavior was definitely a habit of the contracted spirit he had spent his past together with.
Kamito and company descended to the plaza through stairs on the parapet wall.
Amidst the many tents that had been set up, the groans of the wounded could be heard.
—Among them, one group was kept in isolation.
"What's over there?"
"Elfim children from the Forest of Ice Blossoms. The Wolf Ritters are protecting them."
"...!"
Hearing Milla say that, Restia immediately rushed to the tent.
"...Restia?"
Kamito chased after the frantic Restia.
Inside the isolated tent, he saw a familiar looking girl.
(This girl is definitely...)
Lying on the simple bed was the Elfim princess maiden who had collapsed in the forest.
Restia ran to the bedside and called the girl's name.
"...Rana!"
"...Res... tia...?"
The girl opened her red eyes.
"...Thank goodness. I'm so glad you're fine."
Restia exhaled in relief and held the girl's hand.
The girl named Rana blinked—
"Restia, you're not angry?"
"Why would I?"
"Because we did that to you..."
The girl looked down and stammered in embarrassment.
Restia shook her head and held the girl's hand tightly.
"Had your people not hidden me back then, those human knights would have captured me by now. And at the time, all your minds were being controlled by the Queen of Ice Blossoms."
"Restia..."
"You know each other?"
Restia nodded lightly to answer Kamito's question.
"Yes. This girl looked after me during my time with the Elfim village."
"Oh, this girl..."
"You're..."
Rana turned her gaze to Kamito.
"Speaking of which, I still haven't introduced myself since meeting you in the forest. I'm Kazehaya Kamito."
"...Oh, it's you who helped us lay Zirnitra to rest."
Rana held Kamito's hand and said thank you very quietly.
"I'm so glad that everyone seems fine."
Restia swept a glance over the children in the tent.
Bound by the curse cast by the Queen of Ice Blossoms, the Forest Dwellers were weakened and on the verge of death when they were rescued.
However, this comment caused Rana to look gloomy.
"No, although our lives were saved, the Forest of Ice Blossoms has been ruined. We have no place to go now."
"Can't you live somewhere apart from the forest? Even living in human territory is also—"
"We are a race that lives and dies with the forest. Asking us to cast our pride aside in this manner would be impossible."
Rana shook her head, looking drained in energy.
This could not be helped. That forest had been everything to them.
Over there—
"—The forest isn't ruined, you know?"
Mireille interjected.
"...Are you from Margrave Laurenfrost's family?"
Rana widened her eyes in surprise to find out that the feudal lord's daughter had arrived.
"The House of Laurenfrost will pledge their full support to help your people with the restoration of the Forest of Ice Blossoms. If we all work together, the forest will definitely go back to the way it was."
Mireille clenched her fist tightly and declared with intense emotion.
Rana stared at the lord's daughter in dumbfounded astonishment.
Living in the Forest of Ice Blossoms, the Elfim race had been in opposition against the humans of these lands.
Despite this relationship of hostility, this younger girl was—
Without any pretension, she was extending a helping hand to them.
"Let's be friends from now on, okay?"
"..."
Rana stared at the little hand Mireille had extended—
Then she looked at the children in the tent.
Gazing at Rana, the children all nodded together at her.
Rana lightly shook Mireille's tiny extended hand.
Then as though following a vassal's etiquette, she bowed her head.
"We Forest Dwellers agree to pledge our allegiance as vassals to the House of Laurenfrost, to enter and live in the castle under Laurenfrost administration."
"Not as vassals. What we Laurenfrost wish for is an alliance on equal terms."
Mireille spoke cheerfully.
Watching how Mireille was acting, Kamito remarked quietly to Milla.
"From the way it looks, Mireille will grow up to be an excellent ruler."
"...Of course. Mireille-sama does have that kind of potential."
Milla smiled, showing a facial expression that seemed unprecedented.
"Kamito! You're late!"
"Indeed, my stomach is protesting noisily!"
Standing dressed in aprons, Claire and Ellis were pouting, looking quite displeased.
The kerchiefs they were wearing on their heads looked cute, just like cat ears.
"...I'm sorry. So you two are helping out with cooking to serve the refugees?"
"Yes, manpower seems to be short—"
"I threw together some ingredients from the castle and tried making soup."
Inside the tent, there was a large pot with rising steam. A fragrant aroma was wafting in the air.
The hellcat spirit under the large pot was releasing fierce flames.
"Wow, even Scarlet is helping out. Good job."
Kamito petted Scarlet's head as praise. Scarlet meowed in apparent joy.
"Vegetable with peppers added will help warm the body. There is also beans in the pod, bread and boiled potatoes. If only there were more ingredients."
"...It is all due to the great blizzard at the Kyria Mountain Range. The transport of food supplies has been greatly affected."
Milla spoke quite apologetically.
"No, it's good enough. This soup is very tasty—"
Feeling curious about something at this time, Kamito asked Ellis.
"By the way, Ellis, your injuries are fine already?"
This had happened before they set off from the Academy. Ellis had been gravely wounded by Lurie Lizaldia and would normally need to be hospitalized longer. Since she had pushed herself to visit Laurenfrost, Kamito was very worried about her injuries.
"...~Uh, umm, that is because..."
Saying that, Ellis went bright red in the face for some reason.
"I-I already recovered. Even I myself am frightened by this astounding rate of recovery."
"...Really?"
"Uh, yes, that is the gist of it..."
Ellis turned her face away, looking very shy.
"I guess... it probably is... thanks to you..."
"...Me?"
"...~B-Because, umm... with you... that k-kiss..."
Ellis stammered with her face red. At that moment—
"Hey! Is the food not ready yet?" "We're all starving in the back of the line. Hurry up!"
Gruff voices of soldiers could be heard from behind. Never in their wildest dreams would these soldiers have imagined noble daughters from the Fahrengart and former Elstein families to be cooking for them.
"Leave this to me. You two go have breakfast first."
Milla requested a shift rotation.
"...Yes, sorry about that. Thanks for doing this."
"That's so helpful of you. Scarlet, you can take a break too."
"Meow—"
Scarlet crawled out from the blazing flames. The fire under the pot weakened.
"Breakfast is this way—"
Claire led them in a direction opposite to the castle plaza, to a place where there were some simple stools and a table made from logs.
"Simorgh and I used fallen trees in the forest to make this table."
"As expected of Ellis, how skillful and thoughtful."
Speaking of which, back when Kamito first enrolled at the Academy, Ellis had created a small house for him that resembled a stable.
...But it was demolished instantly during a fight between Claire and Rinslet.
(...That was a couple months ago already. That sure brings back memories.)
Placing plates on the table for eating bread and soup, they sat down on the stools.
Restia picked an isolated seat next to Kamito.
"Come to think of it, where's Rinslet?"
"Onee-sama is currently making rounds in the castle. I expect her to be here presently."
"...Then it can't be helped. Let's start first."
Claire opened the pot's lid with an expanding aroma of soup.
"Wow, it looks great..."
The instant Kamito smelled the fragrance, he felt an intense appetite. After consuming vast amounts of divine power last night in the battle against Zirnitra, he was now extremely hungry.
Ellis poured a bowl of soup for Kamito. Taking a spoon, Kamito began to drink the soup ravenously.
"...Hmm, although it's a bit spicy... This is great stuff!"
Kamito drink the fragrant soup and praised with a thumbs-up.
"I-Is that so...? Thank goodness..."
"...Hold on, Kamito! T-Try my bread too!"
"...Huh? Don't tell me you made this, Claire?"
Staring at the pile of bread in the basket, Kamito was shocked.
The rye bread was giving off an intense aroma of perfectly baked bread.
At a glance, there was not a single piece of bread that had been burnt to charcoal.
"D-Don't tell me this is canned bread?"
"Kamito, I'm going to get mad."
"...S-Sorry! ...But how did you do it?"
As a result, Claire proudly puffed out her flat chest.
"I'm now able to control the flames I release."
"R-Really? But why—"
"...I'm not so sure myself. Ever since Nee-sama forced me to become the Darkness Queen, I've been able to control the Elstein Flames perfectly."
Claire murmured.
"Prior to that, I've always had to suppress my flames as much as possible, but things are different now. It feels like I can release the flames I want any time now."
"I see now. So the reason why you were only able to make charcoal-like food before was because you couldn't control your flames very well."
"Yes, I feel like I can cook anything now. I won't lose to Ellis and Rinslet anymore."
Claire smiled confidently and made a victory sign with her hand.
"Hoo, the world of cooking is a harsh one."
"Oh Onee-sama!"
Kamito looked towards the plaza ahead to see Rinslet accompanied by Fenrir.
"Hmm, you finally came, Rinslet..."
"Things have finally drawn to a close."
Rinslet arrived at the table and picked up a piece of bread from the basket.
"Did Claire really bake this bread?"
"It's true!"
"Yes, I did not help her."
"Eh..."
Rinslet gracefully tore a piece off with her fingertips and popped it into her mouth.
"..."
"...H-How is it?"
Rinslet swallowed the bread.
"...N-Not... Not bad, I suppose!"
"W-What!? If it's good, then be honest okay?"
"You're too naive. The path of bread baking is very profound... Well, if you beg me sincerely, it's not like I can't mercifully teach you the secret to making bread, okay?"
"...L-Like anyone would beg you... Oh well, if you beg me 'please allow me to teach you' then it's not like I can't consider it, okay?"
"Hmph, impossible!"
"Likewise here!"
Confronted with such a nostalgic argument, Kamito felt too exhausted to comment.
Watching those two—
Restia chuckled and began to laugh.
Everyone focused their gaze on Restia.
"...Uh, e-excuse me!"
Restia blushed and apologized very quietly.
Claire and Rinslet exchanged glances and settled down.
"Hey Darkness Spirit, don't be shy. Eat as much as you want."
Claire handed a piece of bread over to Restia.
"...Yes, thank you. I shall begin."
Restia lowered her head and began to eat the bread in a very ladylike manner.
"...Mm, it is really good!"
"I-Is it? This is bread with walnut added."
"Walnut? So good..."
Watching Restia acting like this, Claire murmured.
"It feels so unusual to see her like this. To think she's that darkness spirit..."
"...Oh well."
Nodding lightly—
Kamito recalled what Milla had said just now.
—Is this girl really that darkness spirit?
(...She really looks just like a human girl. But—)
A spirit reborn as a human—Could something like that actually happen?
"...Speaking of which, how is the situation in the castle?"
"The wounded are more numerous than expected. Reconstruction will likely take more time."
Rinslet shook her head and replied to Ellis.
"I have already sent a letter to my father at the imperial capital. However, they are currently holding the All Nations Conference. Even if they hurry back, it will require a few days."
"Well, I shall ask my grandfather for some support. Just think of it as a small favor to the Laurenfrost family."
"Much appreciated. That would be a great help, Captain."
"Onee-sama, the Elfim's forest restoration will need support too."
"Yes, I know. But before that, the first thing we need to do is bury Zirnitra's remains that is contaminating the forest environment..."
Merging with countless ice dragons, Zirnitra had not been teleported automatically back to Astral Zero. The gigantic remains were still lying in the forest.
Left unattended like this, the currently living trees would absorb the aura of death from the remains and soon perish for real.
"Although there is still a mountain of problems waiting to be resolved, I believe you should rest for a bit first."
As the stand-in master of the Laurenfrost family, Rinslet had kept everything going but her fatigue was reaching a limit. There were clear signs of exhaustion in her demeanor.
"Yes~ I will rest properly once things have been resolved to a point where I need not worry... Oh—"
Rinslet looked at Kamito as though she suddenly realized something.
"...Hmm? What's wrong?"
"U-Umm..."
For some reason, her face turned red and she began to rub her knees together awkwardly.
"A-Actually, there is an excellent method that could erase my exhaustion..."
"An excellent method? Using divine power to massage the body or something?"
"E-Even more effective than that..."
"...?"
"What method is it? Rinslet, hurry and tell—"
"B-Basically, umm... a k-k-kiss with Kamito-san—"
"—Princess!"
Rinslet was interrupted by the head maid, Natalia, who had come running.
"Natalia? Did something happen?"
"Please hasten your return! Judia-sama has awakened!"
Nefescal Palace at the imperial capital, Ostdakia—
"...Sigh, this is why I hate the palace."
At dawn, Fianna dragged her tired body to her bed and collapsed, sighing deeply.
A certain incident had taken place in the Alphas Theocracy recently. Representatives from the surrounding countries had been invited to the All Nations Conference to discuss countermeasures.
This incident was a sudden coup d'etat in the Theocracy. The mastermind, Sjora Kahn had taken over the palace of Scorpia in merely half a day's time and beheaded the Hierarch.
Currently, the Theocracy was split between the Sjora faction and the former-Hierarch faction, resulting in an intense civil war. The flames of internal strife were blazing with ever increasing intensity and starting to affect neighboring countries.
As a long-term trading partner of the Theocracy's, the Ordesia Empire could not stand aside and watch this happening without intervention. Hence, the All Nations Conference was held.
With a number of breaks in between, the conference had persisted late into the night.
The biggest reason for the conference's slow progress was the Holy Kingdom of Lugia, which used to persist in a harsh stance towards the Theocracy, now changed their tune and expressed support for the coup d'etat's mastermind, Sjora Kahn.
The major kingdom's unexpected attitude gave pause to the other delegates of the other countries, plunging the conference into turmoil.
Dracunia proposed the use of force. With the most trade going on with the Theocracy, the Kingdom of Balstan suggested supporting Second Princess Saladia Kahn. The shrewd Quina Empire feigned a bystander stance, hoping for more turmoil among the various continental nations.
After listening to so many opinions, the Emperor of Ordesia seemed to have difficulty clarifying an official position. Even among the imperial council, opinions were split between intervention and non-intervention factions.
Those wielding the greatest authority after the emperor, namely, Lord Conrad the prime minister, the family of Duke Finegas that stood as the biggest faction in the imperial council, and others were apparently proponents of military intervention.
(However, the nobles in the Arneus faction seem to be supporting the Holy Kingdom's proposal—)
What concerned Fianna the most were the intentions of her elder brother, Arneus.
In fact, the one presiding over this All Nations Conference was Arneus rather than the emperor.
There were also rumors that the emperor would abdicate soon, passing the throne to him.
However, even if it was related to this, the imperial council held a different opinion.
This was the question of Arneus' eligibility.
As far as his younger sister, Fianna, saw things, Arneus would make a poor king given his violent and merciless character. With a fool like him as the emperor, the Ordesia Empire would turn into food for the neighboring major powers within the blink of an eye.
On the other hand, there were nobles who hoped for a foolish and easily manipulated monarch to appear.
(That being said, this has nothing to do with me at all...)
Fianna shook her head quietly. Although there were also people among the nobles who wished to support Fianna, having recovered her power of the spirit contract, to become empress, Fianna had no such intentions at all.
"No matter what, it looks like the conference will drag on."
She sighed deeply again.
...Her anxiety stemmed from uncertainty over how things would turn out in the end.
(...I really want to go back to the Academy to see Kamito-kun and the others.)
Just as she was about to take off her tight-fitting formal dress to change into sleepwear, at that moment—
She heard light knocking at the door.
"...!?"
She paused in what she was doing and looked in the door's direction. The palace's female attendants were not permitted to enter this room. Fianna never expected someone to be visiting the Second Princess at this hour.
(...Also, there should be guards in the corridor.)
Fianna raised her guard and hid a spirit crystal beneath the hem of her dress.
Walking to the door, she asked quietly.
"...Who is it?"
"—It is me, Princess, Your Highness."
She heard the voice of someone unexpected.
"...Could it be you, Lord Conrad?"
Never expecting this, Fianna gasped.
Duke Conrad Batimas was the Ordesia Empire's prime minister, one who held the right to speak on behalf of the emperor on the imperial council.
"Princess, I wish to speak to you regarding some confidential matters. Would you be available right now?"
"...A-As you wish."
Despite some hesitation, Fianna decided she must not make the Empire's prime minister wait too long in the corridor.
Fianna opened the door with her key and discreetly looked outside.
"I am terribly sorry for disturbing you at this hour, Your Highness—"
An elderly man with white hair bowed his head politely.
He seemed to be alone without any attendants.
"Lord Conrad, please come in first."
"Yes, pardon my intrusion."
Lord Conrad stumbled into the room, walking with a cane.
Lord Conrad had often looked after Fianna during her childhood before enrolling in the Divine Ritual Institute. After Fianna lost her power of the spirit contract, he continued to treat her the same as before. This was the kind of rare noble he was.
Precisely because of that, Fianna's impression of him was quite favorable. However—
(...Confidential words for me from the empire's prime minister?)
...Somehow, she had a bad feeling about this.
"Who are the soldiers in the corridor?"
"The soldiers here are all my loyal subordinates because those of unproven origins must not come near you, Princess."
Lord Conrad swept his gaze around the room's walls in a circle.
"It seems that there are no spirits in this room?"
"...Yes, I deployed a barrier of sorts."
"Very well, then I shall cut straight to the chase."
Lord Conrad nodded lightly, staring intently into Fianna's eyes.
"Your Highness, I wish to support you as the next empress."
"...Eh?"
His words were not unexpected. Rather, Fianna knew that there could be no other reason for the Empire's prime minister to pay her a visit at this time.
However, even so, she still could not suppress the wavering in her heart.
"Lord Conrad, I—"
"Your Highness, please look at this."
Lord Conrad interrupted Fianna's reflexive refusal and took out a scroll from his bosom, opening it in front of Fianna's eyes.
"...This is—"
Written on the scroll were the names of many people with traces of blood on them.
Fianna pretty much had some impression of every name. They were aristocrats wielding power and influence in the Ordesia Empire.
"Indeed, this is a blood-signed petition from the various nobles supporting your bid to become empress."
"...Eh, no way..."
Including the prime minister, there was a total of twenty-four names recorded on the scroll. This represented roughly a quarter of the imperial council. There were this many nobles who hoped for Fianna to ascend to the imperial throne.
"Indeed, Arneus is my foolish brother. However, to ask me to become empress, this—"
"If Prince Arneus were to become emperor, the Ordesia Empire shall be set on a path headed to ruin sooner or later. He can be regarded as nothing more than exploited by nobles in the Arneus faction. There is nothing worse than this—"
Lord Conrad lowered his voice and whispered to Fianna.
"Because Prince Arneus has the Holy Kingdom secretly backing him."
"...The Holy Kingdom?"
Fianna asked involuntarily.
If the Holy Kingdom of Lugia were to cast its shadow over the Ordesia emperor, indeed, it was only natural for Lord Conrad to worry as the prime minister.
(...Arneus' opinions in the All Nations Conference has been unnaturally in line with the Holy Kingdom this time.)
...It was a plausible suggestion. Ever since the end of the Ranbal War, the Holy Kingdom had started eyeing Ordesia greedily.
"Does His Majesty know of this?"
"Most regrettably, Prince Arneus has won His Majesty's deep trust. Rather, it would be better to say that His Majesty himself has the possibility of falling under the Holy Kingdom's patronage—"
"Unthinkable..."
"I believe that His Majesty has not taken a forceful stance against the Theocracy on this occasion may be partially due to consideration for the Holy Kingdom's wishes."
Lord Conrad's gray eyes stared intently at Fianna.
"Between you, who has already graduated from the Divine Ritual Institute, First Princess Linnea and direct descendants of imperial lineage who are in the line of succession, Princess Fianna, you are the only one who was selected by the imperial family's spirit."
"...But as the most suitable successor? Are you sure you are not mistaken?"
"Please berate me if my words offend you, but for the sake of our homeland's future, I am willing to incur your resentment, Your Highness."
"An empress will face opposition from the surrounding nations. The Divine Ritual Institute has decreed that princess maidens who serve spirits are forbidden from involving themselves in politics."
"There are past precedents of empresses in history. In Dracunia's case, a spirit ascended to the throne. Alternatively, if Your Highness would select a husband from among the Empire's nobles—"
"...No, absolutely not...!"
Fianna cried out reflexively.
(...Because I have someone I love already!)
"...Princess?"
"N-No, well..."
Fianna's face turned red. She coughed deliberately for obfuscation.
Lord Conrad hunched his shoulders and spoke as though lecturing.
"...Indeed, it is only natural for Your Highness to feel hesitation. This requires time for you to contemplate."
"I shan't become the empress."
"The time has simply not come yet. This is fine for now. Well then—"
Lord Conrad interrupted her and took out something from his bosom.
It was spirit crystal glowing with ominous light, as red as blood.
Fianna had seen this spirit crystal before.
"—Don't tell me this is a Bloodstone!?"
An extremely rare type of spirit crystal, on the level of national treasures, the Bloodstone could only be mined from Astral Zero's sanctuary.
This was the same type of spirit crystal as what Fianna had stolen when she fled from the imperial palace. However, the spirit sealed in her Bloodstone was lost during the battle against Jio Inzagi.
The prime minister placed the ominously glowing spirit crystal lightly into Fianna's palm and closed her hand.
"This is something that can protect you. Please keep in on your person at all times."
"Protect me?"
"The nobles in the Arneus faction wish to assassinate you, Princess. Dame Greyworth's word no longer holds sway over the imperial council. You must protect yourself properly now."
"...How ironic. Back when everyone called me the Lost Queen, no one ever thought to take my life, because I was not even worth killing—"
Fianna bit her lip and spoke in self-deprecation.
"Whether friend or foe, there is no longer anyone remaining in this palace who underestimates you, Your Highness."
The prime minister shook his head and reached for the door.
"—See you later at the imperial council."
The door closed with a dry noise.
Fianna gripped the Bloodstone forcefully.

"Please come this way."
Led by head maid Natalia, Kamito and company arrived in front of Judia's room.
To avoid frightening her with too many people showing up at once, only Rinslet, Mireille and Kamito entered the room.
Initially, Kamito wanted to decline, thinking it would be best if the two Laurenfrost sisters entered alone, but Judia's apparent wishes were to have Kamito brought along as well.
(...Oh well, I'm hoping to ask her some things too.)
"—Judia, we're coming in."
Rinslet called out nervously then pushed the door open lightly.
Gentle sunlight was streaming into the room through the window.
Over there, lying on the bed was an endearing young girl.
Her emerald eyes and pretty platinum-blonde hair were common characteristics shared by the Laurenfrost sisters. However, she gave off a different vibe compared to her other two sisters.
She seemed like a girl of fantasy, so fragile she might break upon touch.
(So this girl is Judia Laurenfrost...)
Kamito examined the girl carefully.
Judia's imprisonment in cursed ice by the Water Elemental Lord had happened before the Calamity Queen's rebellion, on that day of the Water Elemental Festival held in Laurenfrost four years ago.
Rinslet's junior by three years, she should be thirteen right now, but her appearance was much younger than her actual age. Currently, she looked roughly as old as Mireille.
It was possible that her physical body's growth had been halted during her imprisonment in cursed ice.
While she was lying on the bed at this moment, Judia's gaze was empty and suddenly wandered.
"...Rinslet, Nee-sama?"
Kamito heard her hoarse voice. It was like calling for someone far away.
"Judia... Thank goodness... This is truly wonderful..."
"Nee-sama... Nee-sama... I..."
Judia buried her face in Rinslet's chest, crying.
"There was not a single day when I was not thinking of you."
Rinslet sounded like she was about to cry. It was truly rare to see her acting this way in front of others, given her overweening pride.
"Judia-oneesama..."
"...This voice, Mireille?"
Reacting to Mireille's voice, Judia's hollow gaze began to wander again.
This unnatural movement of her gaze filled Kamito with a sense that something was wrong.
(No way...)
"Judia, Onee-sama?"
Mireille seemed to notice something was off and cocked her head.
"I'm over here, you know?"
Called by her younger sister, Judia's gaze looked towards the space over Judia's head.
"Judia...?"
Rinslet looked up suddenly.
Instantly, her expression froze.
...So she noticed too.
"...Your eyes, don't tell me..."
Judia's emerald eyes had lost their shine.
Due to being imprisoned in cursed ice for many years and the influence of the Otherworldly Darkness, the girl's body and mind had been corroded—
"Worry not, Nee-sama—"
Judia shook her head lightly.
"I am guilty of handing my mind over to that darkness and destroying the Forest of Ice Blossoms—"
"You are not at fault for anything, Judia!"
"I-Indeed. Onee-sama, you were only possessed by something bad!"
"No, even if my mind was controlled, the fact remains unchanged that I enabled Zirnitra to revive and destroyed the Forest Dweller's homeland."
"Judia..."
Rinslet spoke in a pained voice while she gently wrapped her arms around her younger sister's shoulders, embracing her against her bosom.
"I will arrange for the best healers. Surely, healers from the imperial capital will be able to do something for those eyes—"
"Thank you, Nee-sama, but I believe that spirit magic probably cannot heal these eyes."
Judia shook her head helplessly.
—Suddenly, she looked up as though noticing something.
"May I ask who is the person over there?"
"I'm Kazehaya Kamito, Rinslet's classmate."
Kamito approached the bed and knelt down in front of the girl.
"You are..."
Instantly, the girl's face lit up.
"It was you who liberated me and Zirnitra."
"Rinslet's the one who saved you, not me."
Kamito shook his head.
"If she hadn't hurried over that time, I would've been locked in cursed ice too."
"Yes, I still remember. Nee-sama and you rescued me together."
"...Huh?"
Kamito exclaimed in surprise and exchanged looks with Rinslet.
"You were conscious inside the cursed ice?"
"I was kept in an unconscious state, in a place that was essentially pitch black. But from time to time, I would regain consciousness like a dream. Hence, I could not help but remember that Rinslet-neesama came to visit me at the shrine countless times."
"R-Really?"
Rinslet asked in a trembling voice and Judia nodded to her.
Hence, Rinslet's voice, thinking of her sister, had—
Definitely reached the depths of her little sister's heart, imprisoned in Otherworldly Darkness.
(However, if that's the case...)
Kamito felt excited.
"Judia, I've got something to ask you."
"...You want to ask me about something?"
"Yeah. Umm, though it might be a memory you don't want to recall—"
Kamito spoke slightly hesitantly but soon made his decision.
"Do you by any chance remember what happened when that darkness devoured you?"
Instantly, Judia's expression froze.
Her fingers, clutching her knee, began to tremble uncontrollably from fear.
"Onii-sama?" "Kamito-san, that is too—"
"...Did you see something?"
Holding the girl's trembling hand, Kamito asked again.
Before long, the hand's trembling subsided—
Judia nodded slightly and began to speak gently.
"Yes, I still remember. What I saw on that day, I remember clearly."
"..."
"On that day, what I saw in the darkness, packed densely in the darkness, countless angels—"
Hearing such words from the girl's lips—
Kamito could not help but gasp.
(Angels... huh.)
Somewhere deep in his mind seemed to hurt.
(Yes, I definitely saw it too—)
On that day when he had emerged victorious from the Blade Dance tournament, earning the privilege for an audience with the Elemental Lords...
Just before he could reach the Fire Elemental Lord's throne, Kamito's entire body had been devoured by Otherworldly Darkness.
—I had seen it.
Restless inside darkness that did not exist in this world, they were neither spirits nor humans.
—Thousands if not tens of thousands strong, an army of countless angels.
(Sure enough, I was not mistaken.)
Cold sweat broke out of the hand he was holding.
Winged humanoid giants glowing with silver-white light.
According to legends on the continent, angels were primordial beings that gave birth to spirits.
However, the existence of such beings had never been proven, not even once.
—I don't think there was any mistake in what we saw.
Kamito did not know if what he had seen was truly a so-called angel. But ultimately, given such an appearance, it was inevitable he would associate them with the beings he recalled from bedtime stories.
(But it looks like Judia is thinking along the same lines as me...)
Judia's dull pupils wandered emptily while she continued.
"I was simply stunned by that sight. Too afraid, I could not move at all. At the time, one of the angels arrived before me out from the darkness. The silver-white radiance swallowed me—"
(A being from the depths of the Otherworldly Darkness—an angel? And it chose Judia?)
So far, Kamito had pegged the Otherworldly Darkness as a calamity that corrupted the Elemental Lords' minds, an existence with neither thought nor free will.
However, according to what Judia recalled, the angel that had made contact with her was clearly sentient.
"Umm, what did you feel when you were swallowed by the darkness?"
Kamito asked urgently again.
However, Judia shook her head.
"...I am very sorry but that is all I can remember from that day. Afterwards, inside the darkness, all I have are fragmentary memories form the few times when I regained consciousness—"
Then she rubbed her temples painfully.
"Judia, are you alright?"
Rinslet asked with worry.
"...Do not worry. I just have, a little headache..."
"Then you'd better get some rest. Besides, you only just woke up from your coma."
"...Indeed. Yes, I'm a bit, tired."
The girl on the bed smiled briefly.
"...Sorry for making you remember unpleasant things."
"Not at all. I am very glad to be of slight assistance."
Seeing the girl shake her head to muster optimism, Kamito stood up from the bedside.
"Then I'm leaving first. Sorry for intruding on your reunion as sisters."
"You don't have to worry about that, Onii-sama. After all, we're both going to end up as your sisters in the future, Onii-sama."
"...Onii... -sama?"
Hearing Mireille, Judia cocked her head in puzzlement.
"...Uh... M-Mireille, what on earth are you talking about!?"
Rinslet instantly turned bright red and started hammering her fists on Mireille's shoulder.
Smiling wryly, Kamito exited the room.
(...Angels huh?)
Kamito muttered while walking along the corridor.
He originally thought that by asking Judia about the Otherworldly Darkness, he could find clues to recovering Restia's memories that were lost after the darkness devoured her.
(...But it seems like something a bit unexpected happened.)
Restless in the depths of the Otherworldly Darkness, an army of countless angels. Simply having one of them possess a human princess maiden to manifest in the human realm was already enough to obliterate the Forest of Ice Blossoms.
(...If this army of angels appeared in the world all at once...)
Just imagining it made him feel bone-chilling terror.
"...Oh, Kamito."
He encountered Claire coming up the stairs.
"...Claire. Where's everyone?"
"Ellis is sleeping in the room. Well, it's only expected since she had been using her spirit throughout the night since yesterday. The darkness spirit is at the tent, helping to treat wounded soldiers."
"I see..."
In the past, Kamito had received Restia's treatment before.
Naturally, as a darkness spirit, she could not use healing-type spirit magic. All she could do to help was simple things like applying medication and bandages.
(...She was unexpectedly clumsy at that.)
"Kamito, what's wrong?"
"No, nothing."
Kamito shrugged and walked alongside Claire.
(...I'd better not mention that "angel" topic to Claire and the rest of them for now.)
There was too little information and even Kamito himself had not organized what little he had in his mind.
Also, unlike Judia's room, someone might overhear if he brought up the topic here. Spies sent from Ordesia might have already infiltrated the castle.
"What were you doing just now, Claire?"
"Since everyone was feeling cold, I used magic to light up the furnaces in the castle."
"That's really wonderful, Claire. You're amazing!"
"Ehehe... Hey, what the heck!? Your gaze looks like you're praising a child!"
Claire acting shy for a bit then pouted angrily.
"By the way, how's Judia's condition."
"Oh, she's currently resting because she's too tired, but it doesn't seem like she has any memory problems. However—"
"However?"
"Her eyes can't see anymore—"
"...Huh?"
Claire gasped.
"I think it might be something like an after effect of being locked in cursed ice for a long period of time. She might recover naturally or with healing from spirit magic—"
"Really..."
Claire murmured with a complicated expression on her face.
"Even if spirit magic were to be used, trying to heal eyes that have gone blind is still very difficult, especially since she spent many years imprisoned in an Elemental Lord's cursed ice."
"Even the imperial capital's best healers are helpless?"
"No matter how high their healing powers, trying to recover lost flesh would already be a problem on a totally different level. This is really something that can only rely on a miracle from the Elemental Lords."
"A miracle..."
At this moment, this word jolted Kamito's memory.
"Speaking of miracles..."
"Hmm?"
"...Well, I was wondering if it's her, she might be able to heal Judia."
"Her?"
"Eighth of the imperial knights' Numbers—Lurie Lizaldia the Miraculous."
Kamito spoke the name that had surfaced in his mind.
"...A-Are you serious?"
"...I know. But it's just a question of possibility."
Faced with Claire's shock, Kamito shook his head.
As far as Kamito knew, Lurie was the top-ranked healer even across the entire continent. If it was her, she might have a chance at healing Judia.
But those miraculous healing hands had currently gone missing.
Why did Lurie conspire to use militarized spirits to attack the Academy? Her motives and goals were still unknown. Also, why did the higher-ups in the imperial army cancel the mission given to special agent operative knight Virrey Branford, to stop tracking Lurie down?
(...Oh well, anyway, that's that.)
Kamito tried to think about it. The reason why Lurie had been able to lurk for many years among the Numbers was because there was a traitor among the ranks of the Empire's top echelon.
The Ordesia Empire was a major nation with a long history. Precisely because of that, its internal corruption was reaching an irredeemable state.
Back when Kamito was living in Greyworth's house, the corruption perpetrated by the Empire's nobles was already a common sight. The imperial council was where demons walked the earth, a demonic den of political and power struggles.
That was a world where the Strongest Blade Dancer's sword skills did not work.
At this point in his thoughts, Kamito began to worry about Fianna who was at the imperial capital.
(...Fianna is in that kind of demonic den right now.)
Although Greyworth was with her, Kamito still felt a bit worried.
—Thus Kamito and Claire returned to their bedroom.
"What do we do after this?"
"My initial goal is achieved. Now we take Restia back to the Academy."
Kamito replied to Claire's question with a shrug of his shoulders.
"...We'll probably be a nuisance for Rinslet if we stay here for too long."
—Thus, Kamito and his friends immediately started to pack up and get ready to leave.
"...Y-You could stay a few more days before going, you know?"
In Winter Gulf Castle's hall, Rinslet murmured, looking very disappointed.
After bidding Kamito and the others goodbye, Milla and Mireille had gone ahead with Claire, Ellis and Restia, apparently to get the horses ready.
Hence, Kamito and Rinslet were currently alone.
"Well, it's because we sneaked out of the Academy because of my willfulness. Also, we'll probably be a nuisance for the people in the castle if we keep staying here."
"...Of course not."
Rinslet gripped the hem of Kamito's clothing tightly.
Until Margrave Laurenfrost returned from attending the All Nations Conference at the imperial capital, Rinslet had to manage the castle as the head of the Laurenfrost family.
Normally, she could leave the job to Mireille and the Wolf Ritters garrisoned at the castle, but that was not an option given the current circumstances.
"I'm so grateful to you, Rinslet. Thanks to you, I was able to bring Restia back. If I had been alone, I would've definitely met my demise in the Kyria Mountain Range in a blizzard."
"Not at all. I did not really help that much~"
Rinslet shook her head.
"Kamito-san, you are the one I should thank. You helped me rescue Judia and Laurenfrost itself. As the head of the Laurenfrost family, I hereby offer you my gratitude."
Faced with her bowing her head at him sincerely, Kamito smiled wryly.
"Okay, see you back at the Academy. You can count on Claire and I to copy down lecture notes for you."
"Oh, p-please hold on—"
Just as Kamito was about to leave, Rinslet tugged his clothing.
"...Rinslet?"
"Oh, u-umm..."
Pulling his sleeve, she fidgeted for some unknown reason, her face turning bright red.
"...What's up?"
"U-Uh... Well, umm.."
Smooch♪
A surprise kiss.
"...Huh!?"
Rinslet's gorgeous lips had pressed themselves upon Kamito's lips—
Then reluctantly, she parted lightly from his lips.
"Y-Y-You... What are you doing...?"
Kamito was rendered incoherent by her sudden action.
"...~U-Umm... I, well, huaaah..."
Compared to Kamito, Rinslet was in even greater confusion. Her entire face was red, even her ears.
"Calm down, Rinslet, I should be more confused than you."
Kamito's comment finally calmed her down. She cleared her throat and looked at Kamito with her clear, emerald eyes.
(S-So cute...)
Kamito was mesmerized by those watery eyes. His heart raced.
Rinslet took a deep breath and her lips vibrated to speak.
"D-During our journey, Kamito-san, there was something that bothered me greatly."
"Something bothered you greatly?"
Rinslet nodded.
"Ah, yes, umm, when on the snowing mountain with you... during that k-k-kiss, I felt a mysterious power flowing within me."
"W-Wait, what are you talking about?"
Kamito yelled frantically.
"I-I am not lying. It was the same as when the ice dragons were assaulting the castle. I-It was thanks to your kiss, Kamito-san, that I was able to achieve victory!"
"What the heck is going on here!? W-Why would a k-kiss with me cause..."
Blushing, Kamito stuttered. That time in the mountain ravaged by a blizzard, the series of actions she had performed to heal his wounds surfaced clearly in his mind.
"...~Uh, I am not too sure myself why this phenomenon arose."
Rinslet cast her glance away in extreme shyness.
"But I-I definitely received power from my kiss with you, Kamito-san."
"N-No way..."
Before he could say "this can happen," Kamito suddenly realized something.
(Come to think of it...)
He recalled what Ellis had told him this morning.
...Before setting off for Laurenfrost, what had happened before leaving the Academy.
When Kamito had gone to visit the hospitalized Ellis, she had kissed him to apply Wind's Protection, a blessing for keeping travelers safe.
(Indeed, I heard that Ellis recovered her physical strength rapidly after that—)
"...Kamito-san?"
Looking very surprised, Rinslet frowned.
"Have you found some kind of clue in your memories?"
"...N-No, I don't think it's like that..."
While Kamito was frantically trying to gloss over things to get out of the embarrassing situation, Rinslet pretended to cough.
"P-Please do not get the wrong idea. I-I simply... wanted to receive that mysterious power, nothing more!"
Twisting her hair around her finger, she seemed very embarrassed.
"...O-Oh okay, I get it."
When Kamito nodded repeatedly...
"My goodness! Kamito-san, you don't understand anything at all—"
Smooch♪
Sneaking another surprise kiss, Rinslet blushed and ran away.
"Kamito, what the heck were you doing!?"
"The sun is going to set if we do not hurry and depart."
At the castle's main gates, Claire and the others had the horses ready, waiting for Kamito.
"...S-Sorry. I was too engaged in the conversation with Rinslet."
"With Rinslet? ...Hmm, that somehow sounds a bit suspicious."
"What did you talk about?"
Glare—Claire and Ellis were staring at Kamito with widened eyes.
"Meow—?"
Scarlet also seemed to have suspicions about Kamito and meowed before walking back and forth at Kamito's feet.
"I-It was just a farewell conversation. Let's hurry and head out—"
Taking his horse's reins in his hands, Kamito avoided the girls' eye contact and spoke.
"By the way, where's Restia?"
"The darkness spirit is over there—"
Kamito followed Claire's pointing finger to look.
"...N-No, not this side...!"
Restia was currently struggling against a pony.
"Restia, you don't know how to ride a horse?"
Kamito approached Restia and asked. Restia pouted in a sulk.
"I know nothing of the skills required to ride a horse."
"...Well, it can't be helped."
Restia probably never rode a horse before losing her memories, because she possessed a pair of jet-black wings. They were extremely beautiful. Speaking of which, how could there be spirits who would ride a horse when they had a pair of wings of their own?
"Then ride with me."
"...D-Don't worry. Just watch and I shall master the skills required to ride a horse!"
"The sun would've set by then. Upsy-daisy."
Kamito suddenly wrapped his arms around Restia's waist and seated her on his own horse.
"...~!"
"See, now you're riding, right?"
"S-Seriously, you scared me..."
Restia pouted and sulked.
"Hmm, Kamito..." "...You are spoiling the darkness spirit too much!"
Ellis and Claire pouted angrily.
"...Wow—it feels higher than I expected."
"You'll get used to it soon enough. Grip the reins tightly, okay?"
Restia shifted herself forward a bit and Kamito held the reins too.
"—Then let us depart. O bird of calamity ruling over demonic winds, I beseech thee to use thy wings to guide us towards the correct path!"
On horseback, Ellis raised her hand in the air and gestured, summoning the demon wind spirit to lead the way.
"Kehhhhhhh!"
Appearing out of midair, Simorgh responded to his master's call, gliding in the sky.
"What an adorable bird~"
"—Huh?"
Everyone looked at Restia at the same time without thinking.
"...Did you say cute?"
"Yes, the feathers are so fluffy, it's too cute."
But upon hearing Restia's praise—
Suddenly, Simorgh cried out emotionally while soaring in the air.
"Kehhh, kehhhhhhhhhhh!"
"Wow, Simorgh is so happy that he is crying..."
"...C-Crying? I don't get it at all."
"I knew it, your spirit is a bit scary..."
Simorgh flapped his wings fiercely, creating a great gust of wind. Demon wind spirits were spirits that conferred the wind's protective effects upon travelers.
"—Well then, let us hurry back to the Academy."
With Ellis in the lead, Kamito and company advanced on horseback.
At this time, Kamito glanced back—
Standing on a balcony in Winter Gulf Castle, Rinslet was waving goodbye to them.
Waving lightly to her in return, Kamito thus departed from Laurenfrost territory.

Early morning, the imperial capital's sky was shrouded by gray clouds.
After finishing breakfast that consisted only of simple offerings such as bread and soup, Fianna changed into her formal dress and headed to the assembly hall where the nobles had been summoned for an imperial council session. The primary purpose of this gathering was to unify viewpoints within the Empire before the All Nations Conference that was going to resume in the afternoon.
(...With all this intrigue going on regarding the successor question, it would be ridiculous to expect viewpoints to become unified.)
Fianna sighed with gloomy feelings.
She had carefully hidden the blood-signed petition in a secret box in the depths of her desk. Fianna also considered keeping the petition hidden inside Georgios for the sake of guaranteed secrecy. However, there was a chance of items going missing inside the unstable environment of Astral Zero. Due to this reason, she would not keep important articles in there.
(I never intended to engage in a power struggle with nobles, but—)
Lord Conrad's words kept echoing in her mind.
(—Arneus has the Holy Kingdom secretly backing him.)
If this were true, the Empire's demise could easily be predicted from the ascent of another country's puppet to Ordesia's imperial throne.
(...It that were truly to happen, the populace would suffer.)
While these thoughts went through her mind, she arrived in front of the assembly building before she knew it.
A magnificent structure built with marble, the assembly building was located some distance away from Nefescal Palace. After having her identity verified by the door guardian spirit, Fianna entered the assembly building.
The closer she approached the assembly hall, the heavier Fianna's footsteps felt.
This place was demonic den where one would get caught up in political struggles. Perhaps reacting to Fianna's unease, the Bloodstone seemed to shake faintly, hidden before her chest.
Sealed inside the Bloodstone was a guardian that was supposed to be able to protect her. Although Georgios was a top-class spirit, he was not suited to protecting her from assassins.
(There are many here who wish to target my life—)
A moment's carelessness and an assassin's dagger would probably pierce her throat. Fianna subconsciously reached for the Bloodstone in front of her chest and held it lightly.
"What's the matter, Your Highness? You seem quite preoccupied in your thoughts."
"...Hyah!?"
Suddenly hearing a seductive voice, Fianna cried out in surprise.
"P-Please do not startle me—"
The one who had suddenly spoken to her was the Dusk Witch dressed in a black dress.
"I did not erase my presence in particular. By the way, is something troubling you?"
"No..."
"Hmm, that would be best—"
Greyworth and Fianna walked side by side.
(...I suppose I simply ought to confess everything to the headmistress.)
Fianna suppressed her urge to do so. No matter what, this was not the right venue for having such a conversation. Inside the assembly building, there was no telling who might be eavesdropping.
"By the way, a large scale spirit disaster apparently took place in the border region."
Greyworth brought up the subject as though it were casual conversation while walking.
"At Laurenfrost?"
Laurenfrost was situated on the border between the Ordesia Empire and the Holy Kingdom. There were recent rumors about persistent blizzards at the Kyria Mountain Range, but as for a spirit disaster—
"How wide an area did the spirit disaster cover? Are the people living there safe?"
"That I don't know the details. However, according to rumors—"
Greyworth suddenly lowered her voice and said:
"Apparently, there were eyewitness reports of the Holy Kingdom's Sacred Spirit Knights sighted at the forest where the spirit disaster had occurred."
"...The Holy Kingdom's order of knights?"
Fianna could not help but frown in response to the sudden mention of the Holy Kingdom.
"What were the Holy Kingdom's knights doing in Laurenfrost?"
"Their objective remains unknown but they were apparently caught in the large scale spirit disaster and ended up forced to retreat."
Greyworth shrugged and shook her head.
At this moment, Fianna suddenly realized something.
"This was clearly a violation of national borders! If it is brought up during the All Nations Conference in the afternoon, it would allow for effective negotiations with the Holy Kingdom—"
"Indeed. But for some reason, the Empire's intelligence agency, Umbra, has covered up this news."
"What is that supposed to mean?"
"In other words, Umbra's core is being controlled by someone who wishes for the Ordesia Empire's corruption. Hmm, infiltrating by taking advantage of when I'm not there to watch over things."
"..."
The prime minister's words from this morning surfaced in Fianna's mind.
(—Arneus has the Holy Kingdom secretly backing him.)
"Umm, since Umbra has covered up this news, then how did you come across it, Headmistress?"
"What a foolish question. Who do you take me for?"
(Indeed, it was a foolish question...)
Greyworth's illustrious past included positions such as the hero from the Ranbal War era, first-ranked knight among the Numbers, and Umbra's chief. She should know the Empire's dark side better than anyone. Although she had lost the power of her contracted spirit, her influence over the Empire would not wane.
"I have gained a rather outstanding pawn on my side, providing me with access to nearly all information."
Smiling suggestively, Greyworth stepped into the assembly hall.
On the step-like arrangement of seating, many nobles had already taken their seats. They were having a heated discussion about matters raised during the All Nations Conference the previous night.
The Ordesia emperor was not present at the imperial family's seating, but many sycophantic nobles could be seen there, hanging around Arneus.
(...Surrounded by nobles whose ambitions are clear as day, what a clown of a king he would be.)
Fianna thought to herself.
At this moment, their eyes met. Unsettled, Arneus then avoided eye contact with Fianna and began to converse secretly with his sycophantic entourage of nobles.
Displeased by these irritating stares, Fianna left the imperial family's seating area and sat down next to Greyworth.
—At this moment, Fianna suddenly felt a sense of dissonance.
"What's the matter?"
Seeing Fianna frown, Greyworth asked.
"Well, I don't think I saw the prime minister..."
"I heard that Lord Conrad is absent due to feeling unwell. Straining himself to handle the heavy workload related to the All Nations Conference, he finally collapsed ill—"
"...Absent?"
Fianna had not seen anything wrong with him when he visited early this morning.
(Somehow, I have a very bad feeling about this...)
The princess maiden's sharp intuition filled her with great unease.
With the emperor seated, the imperial council started its session in the prime minister's absence.
The meeting's main purpose was determining the Empire's policy towards the Alphas Theocracy.
To observe without intervening or to resolve through military force, there was a massive division in opinion, plunging the assembly into chaos.
"We are not obliged to agree with the Holy Kingdom."
"But if we don't use force, the Ordesia Empire will lose the ability to influence and intimidate the Alphas Theocracy."
"Dracunia's Dragon King has announced unilateral use of military intervention."
"One false move and this could end up repeating the Ranbal War."
A pointless debate continued endlessly without any conclusion in sight. Very evidently, no final conclusion would be reached even if the meeting continued at this rate.
—The meeting's stalemate changed half an hour later.
"Excuse me for being forward, Your Majesty!"
—One of the nobles slowly stood up.
It was Earl Darss, one of the nobles who had been hanging around Arneus earlier.
"By this point, the assembly can no longer reach a unified conclusion. The reason is clear to all of us. Behind the Theocracy issues we are discussing, the matter of imperial succession looms over us."
The earl's words brought a flurry of discussion, because almost everyone present had been quietly thinking about the same question.
"Prince Arneus has proposed taking the same approach as the Holy Kingdom of Lugia. Consequently, those opposed to Prince Arneus' ascension are stubbornly insisting on military intervention."
Saying that, Earl Darss glared in Fianna's direction.
"Why don't we simply decide on the imperial successor right here and now? Otherwise, the meeting will simply drag on as a futile waste of time—"
"I-Indeed..." "The earl makes a fair point." "The existence of factions supporting and opposing Prince Arneus means that this meeting cannot reach a conclusion."
The voices in the assembly hall gradually grew louder.
(...I-I never expected the showdown to take place at such a time.)
Fianna bit her lip lightly.
Darss had been waiting for this opportunity with the council stuck at an impasse. Although he had raised an absurd argument, it did produce excellent results in breaking the stalemate.
(...And right now, the mainstay of the anti-Arneus faction, the prime minister, is absent.)
Even if it were coincidental, this sort of timing would be far too unlikely.
(Perhaps the prime minister has been poisoned by the Arneus faction?")
—However, another nobleman spoke up at this time.
"Lord Darss, this session gathers merely for the purpose of discussing our policy towards the Alphas Theocracy."
The one who spoke up was Ellis' grandfather, Duke Cygnus Fahrengart. Born to a prestigious military family, he was a noble who maintained neutrality, belonging to no faction.
"On the contrary, my lord Duke. This discussion regarding our policy against the Theocracy is merely a superficial phenomenon. The true heart of the matter is the question of imperial succession."
Earl Darss replied with some measure of displeasure.
"But Lord Darss—"
This time, another noble stood up to argue against Earl Darss.
Fianna shifted her gaze towards the imperial family's seating area at this time. Starting from a while ago, the emperor had remained silent the whole time, as though listening to them discussing matters was irrelevant to him. His gaze wandered aimlessly towards empty space. Sitting next to him, Arneus was breaking out in cold sweat on his forehead, watching the shifting tides of opinion with a face of pallor.
"Good grief, aptitude as a ruler would be the greatest issue. Without a minimum level of bluffing under such circumstances..."
Greyworth seemed to be murmuring in surprise next to Fianna.
At that very moment...
"—Lord Darss, do you hold the view that these thoughts are running through everyone's mind without exception?"
Sitting in the center among the various seats, a noble stood up and spoke.
(That man is—)
After seeing his face, Fianna could not help but gasp.
It was Duke Finegas Bodo, one of the influential nobles on the petition Fianna had received.
"Oh? And what in particular do you mean by 'these thoughts'?"
"Forgive my impudent choice of words, but Prince Arneus, whom you support, lacks an emperor's aptitude."
Instantly, the assembly hall turned noisy again.
These were normally words that would be kept as whispers behind people's backs. To voice them openly in such a public context in front of the person in question would be completely unprecedented.
Shamed and furious, Arneus glared viciously at Finegas.
"...Hmmm, then in that case, who would you consider as eligible for the Ordesian throne, Lord Finegas?"
Feigning superficial calmness, Darss asked Finegas in return.
—Then the duke inhaled.
"I believe that a legitimate successor of Second Princess Fianna's caliber would be eligible!"
He declared openly in a sonorous voice, audible to everyone present in the hall.
(...R-Ridiculous!)
Fianna could not help but lift herself from her seat.
All eyes had gathered upon her. The people in the hall began to chatter among themselves again.
"Her Highness the Second Princess?" "I never thought he would recommend that Lost Queen." "Are you out of your mind? Women are excluded if you're considering contenders for the throne!" "But compared to Prince Arneus—" "The imperial family's knight spirit selected her—"
Naturally, there was no one more disturbed than Fianna herself, under the gaze of everyone present.
(...W-What on earth are they planning?)
She glanced at Finegas who was standing at his position down there, with a prepared expression on his face.
(I won't become empress, absolutely not...)
However, were she to express her opinion right now, the majority of nobles would probably switch to backing Arneus. Thus, a foolish emperor would be selected, turning Ordesia Empire into a puppet manipulated by corrupt nobles and the Holy Kingdom.
"Next, I invite Her Highness to hereby inform all of us of her intent!"
Finegas' sonorous voice resounded across the entire hall.
"...W-Wait, wait a moment, to me, intents of this sort—"
While everyone was watching Fianna intently, waiting for her to speak, at that very moment—
A calamity struck.
(...Huh?)
The Bloodstone hidden before her chest suddenly shone with dazzling light.
"W-What!?"
Fianna frantically took out the Bloodstone from her chest.
—Then she immediately noticed. In the center of the blood-hued spirit crystal, a pitch-black mass was spinning in a frenzy while repulsive miasma was released from inside.
"...W-What, is this... Kyah!?"
A small crack appeared on the surface of the Bloodstone in her hand. Then—
The crimson spirit crystal shattered in Fianna's hand and fell to the ground.
The dark miasma erupted from the scattered fragments. The shrapnel from the explosion left cuts on Fianna's skin.
"...!!"
The miasma spun in a thunderous vortex, rampaging like a storm in the middle of the assembly hall.
"W-What is this!?" "A spirit, a berserk spirit!" "Uwahhhhhhhhhh!"
Panicking, the nobles screamed.
(...W-What the heck is happening...?)
Fianna stared in shock at the fragments of the Bloodstone, scattered on the floor.
The spirit sealed in the spirit crystal had not been released by chance. Naturally, she herself had never invoked the spell of release. Liberating a spirit required one to release divine power first.
—No, there was another possibility.
(If a releasing spell were to be written inside the spirit crystal in advance—)
"Princess, w-what on earth is going on—"
Pulling Fianna by the hand, Greyworth pushed her to the floor.
"T-To release a spirit crystal so recklessly—"
"This is no mere spirit crystal. These signs indicate—"
The violently shaking air shattered the windows, showering fragments all over the floor. The rampaging miasma was gathering near the hall's ceiling, soon turning into a gigantic black cloud.
Fianna felt her back run cold.
This was an oppressive and deathly presence, making her feel as her heart was being squeezed violently.
(An archdemon-class spirit...)
Fianna gasped and murmured in her heart, breaking out in goosebumps all over her body.
This was the strongest class of spirit in Astral Zero as certified by the Spirit Investigation Association.
"...I-Impossible. Why is it here?"
Lying prone on the floor on top of Fianna, Greyworth murmured. Unbelievable, to think that the Dusk Witch could sound so shaken—
"Headmistress, do you recognize that spirit!?"
"...Of course, I do."
Greyworth wiped sweat off her forehead.
"—That's my contracted spirit!"
"...Eh?"
"Although it is unbelievable, I can't possibly be mistaken. This is the contracted spirit I lost—Dīs Pater."
"...Dīs Pater."
Fianna had heard that spirit's name before in rumors. During the Ranbal War, it had brought terror and despair to the knights from the Holy Kingdom of Lugia as a grim reaper on the battlefield.
—The strongest demon spirit.
(...Why was it inside the spirit crystal?)
The spirit sealed in the Bloodstone given to Fianna by the prime minister was supposed to be a guardian capable of protecting Fianna from assassins.
However, the demon spirit wrapped in that dark miasma was absolutely no guardian spirit.
This spirit simply brought destruction and slaughter, driven by desire alone.
"Princess, where did you get this Bloodstone from?"
"W-Well—"
Fianna was about to answer when—
A great amount of miasma began to expand and explode.
"...!!"
As a result of the concentrated deathly presence, Fianna was blown away completely. Her entire body trembled. For an instant, she experienced an illusion as though her heart had been grabbed. Or perhaps, only she with her disposition as an excellent princess maiden was able to sense such a strong aura of death.
"...A-Ah... Ahh, ah..."
Tearing out of the spinning black cloud, what emerged from there was—
A grim reaper, clad in black, wielding a jet-black scythe.
The grim reaper slowly raised the scythe in his hand—
"—Get down now, he is about to steal souls!"
Greyworth shouted in an extremely loud voice, causing everyone present to reflexively dive to the ground.
The scythe's blade swept through empty space, producing a raging wind infused with the presence of death.
"Uwahhhhhhhhh!" "R-Run away, hurry—"
The nobles all surged towards the hall's entrance. Although this thoughtless act of the nobles was a bit impulsive, it might have been a correct decision too. What the highest-ranked demon spirit preferred were the pure souls of the righteous rather than the souls of foolish humans.
However, among the nobles fleeing this way and that, there were also those who stayed put quietly, not daring to move at all.
The Ordesia emperor was one of them. For some reason, his gaze was hollow and glazed over. Despite such an abnormal situation happening before his eyes, he looked like nothing was happening at all.
Looking down at the emperor, the demon spirit grinned rather happily.
(...You must make it in time, Georgios...!)
Crawling on the floor, Fianna summoned the knight spirit.
—However, she did not make it in time.
The jet-black scythe slowly swung down—
In that instant, the grim reaper's head was sent flying.
(...Huh?)
Fianna blinked.
The weapon that had chopped off the demon spirit's head and sent it flying in a parabola was a gigantic battle axe.
"—Are you alright, Your Majesty!?"
A silver-haired spirit knight clad in silver-white armor had broken through the hall's wall and emerged.
Fourth of the Numbers—Dunei Lampert.
"Ohhhhhhhhhhhhh!"
The silver-white knight took a leap and launched a fierce attack against the decapitated demon spirit.
Dual-wielded battle axes, an elemental waffe with divine power enveloping the blades—However, the demon spirit instantly turned into floating miasma and easily evaded the attack.
"...Curse you! What is an archdemon-class spirit doing here?"
Dunei yelled. Dīs Pater took on a grim reaper's form again and swung the gigantic scythe at the Numbers knight.
Black demonic wind howled. Dunei was blown away by the potent wind of destruction, smashing her hard against the wall.
Had it been another spirit knight in her place, she would have surely died from this attack. However, Dunei prided herself as a member of the Empire's strongest, the Numbers, and was also contracted to an earth spirit, renowned for having the strongest defense. She stumbled and stood up, glaring angrily at the demon spirit hovering in the air.
"Gah..."
Despite losing his head, Dīs Pater could still produce audible gloating laughter. He raised his jet-black scythe again without hesitation, slashing at the heavily injured Numbers knight whose movements had slowed down.
—In that very instant...
"I beseech thee to capture and crush, O cage of gravity!"
The demon spirit's body became twisted limply. A sphere resembling a rotating shadow appeared around Dīs Pater, distorting the surrounding space.
Spinning at high speed, the shadow-like sphere compressed the demon spirit's body, crushing it together with the air.
(...Isn't that Dame Leschkir's gravity spirit, Typhon!?)
Fianna looked at the sound's direction.
In front of the assembly hall's half-wrecked entrance, another knight had appeared.
Standing in stark contrast to the straitlaced Dunei, she was a raven-haired beauty with an air of seductive charms.
Leschkir Hirschkilt, ranked third of the Numbers and nicknamed the Gravity Queen.
"Dunei, I have the spirit captured now. Take this opportunity to eliminate it quickly—"
"...Acknowledged!"
Carrying her elemental waffe of battle axes, Dunei charged at the immobilized demon spirit that was imprisoned by the cage of gravity.
Pouring her entire divine power into her battle axes, she swung hard.
"Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhh!"
Pitch-black miasma spurted out like blood, splattering and dripping down Dunei's armor.
Completely chopped into two, Dīs Pater cackled in a disturbing manner before vanishing from this world.
Naturally, an archdemon-class spirit could not possibly be destroyed by an attack of this level. Released from the Bloodstone's contract, the spirit had probably returned to Astral Zero.
"Your Majesty, are you alright—?"
Dunei hurried over to the side of the collapsed emperor.
In terms of time, no more than a minute or two had passed. However, the assembly hall was already wrecked beyond recognition with the floors stained red from the blood of the wounded.
(...Why... Why did this happen...)
Confronted by the hellish scene before her eyes, Fianna was plunged into confusion.
—At that moment...
"Y-You, what on earth are you doing!? Dame Leschkir!"
In the process of fleeing the hall, Arneus yelled loudly.
"Hurry up and arrest that girl! She will assassinate the emperor if you wait!"
"...Huh!?"
Fianna looked around her in shock.
"How terrifying..." "I can't believe she tried to kill everyone at the imperial council..." "Don't tell me she is an accomplice of the Theocracy's Sjora Kahn—"
"...N-No, wrong, I—!"
Fianna was just about to deny allegations when Dame Leschkir stood in front of her and blocked her.
"Second Princess, you will have plenty of time to explain yourself later."

After parting ways with Rinslet and setting off from Laurenfrost territory, Kamito's group spent a night at Frost Town in the Kyria Mountain Range then arrived at Areishia Spirit Academy the next day at dusk.
Thanks to Simorgh's protection, the return journey was quite comfortable, with a refreshing breeze in the morning while a thin layer of wind enveloped them at night, insulating them from the cold.
"...It's only been a couple days, but it somehow feels so nostalgic to be back."
Looking up at the Academy Town's gate, defended by guardian spirits, Kamito muttered.
It felt like an eternity had passed since hearing about Restia's sighting from the Water Elemental Lord and crossing the Kyria Mountain Range with Rinslet under a raging blizzard.
(Well, a ton of stuff also happened afterwards.)
Kamito turned his head to look at Restia who was walking beside him. With widened eyes, she was looking at the Academy Town's various sights.
...As a side note, she was still dressed in the maid uniform provided by Milla.
"What a magnificent town. It's completely different from what I imagined."
"It's nothing compared to the imperial capital. This is just the Academy Town."
Claire made a thumbs-up and replied.
"Such a big town, all of this belongs to the Academy's premises..."
There was probably no town bigger than this in Restia's current memories.
Recalling memories from his visit to the imperial capital with Restia in the past, Kamito felt a pang of heartache.
"That is because this part of town did not get caught in the militarized spirits' attack and the Knights have hastened the reconstruction of the town as well. The Academy side is still a vast stretch of rubble."
Ellis whispered with a solemn expression.
Kamito's group passed through the main gate and stepped foot into the Academy Town.
After a while, they started seeing collapsed buildings just as Ellis had said. These were marks left behind from the attack perpetrated by Lurie, the former member of the Numbers.
Kamito looked towards the plaza and spotted a rock spirit at work, moving debris away.
"And that's—?"
"Yes, it is Rakka's Cabracan."
Ellis nodded.
"I will go tell them that we are back. See you later, Kamito."
"Yeah, got it. Then we'll head back to the Academy first."
Kamito saw Ellis off while she walked over to her friends.
"What should we do? How about we go somewhere and get some food or something?"
Then he asked Claire.
"U-Umm..."
For some reason, Claire blushed and stammered.
"I-I've got something to do in town first."
"Something to do?"
"Yes, umm, I'll make dinner for you tonight."
"...Huh?"
Kamito could not help but ask again.
"Dinner? You'll make it, Claire?"
"Yes, I'll cook for you, Kamito!"
Turning bright red, Claire yelled loudly.
For an instant, Kamito worried
...Then he thought carefully again.
(I see, so she wants to show someone that her cooking skills have improved.)
Kamito had had a similar experience in the past.
Three years ago, when living in Greyworth's house, Kamito had been forced to cook food he had never cooked before in order to satisfy the witch's demands.
Greyworth's standards were exceptionally high. Under great stress persisting every single day, Kamito developed a secret hobby, namely to have the person he held dearest, Restia, taste test his newest culinary creations.
(Back then, I felt so happy whenever Restia praised me, which also helped me to remember cooking techniques.)
Thus, Kamito recalled a wave of nostalgic memories.
"What? Are you that worried about my cooking?"
Claire pouted.
"I'm not going to make charcoal anymore, okay..."
"No, that's not what I was thinking about. I'll look forward to you cooking, Claire, in a normal way."
Kamito frantically shook his head.
"R-Really?"
"Yeah."
Kamito nodded.
Claire lowered her head slightly.
In truth, her cooking had definitely improved. This was not only due to the fact that she had become able to control her flames. Living in the Academy with her, Kamito knew better than anyone that she was someone who could put in a hundred times more effort than the average person.
"Then what are you planning to make?"
"U-Umm... I'd like to try making macaroni gratin."
"Gratin huh? For a novice in cooking, isn't that a tad difficult?"
"Don't worry, I've already mastered the control of flames, also..."
Claire looked down and poked her index fingers against each other before her chest.
"Hmm?"
"K-Kamito, you mentioned before that gratin is your favorite."
"Eh... Oh... I see. I'm surprised you still remember something like that..."
Kamito had faint recollections that he might have mentioned it slightly during self-introductions back when he first enrolled into the Academy.
"O-Of course I remember..."
"Impressive as ever, honors student."
"I-It's not like that... Enough about that. Anyway, I'll make your favorite gratin for dinner tonight, okay?"
"Yeah, I'm really looking forward to it."
Kamito patted Claire on the head and she purred like a cat.
"T-Then I'm going shopping now... Hmm, cream sauce, cheese, macaroni... Canned peaches, canned crab, canned mayonnaise♪"
Claire happily hummed a melody while skipping off to the shopping district.
(...Hmm, somehow I still feel a bit worried.)
Secretly groaning in his heart, Kamito turned his head to look at Restia.
"So, should we head straight to the Academy or would you like a brief tour of the Academy Town?"
"...Huh?"
Restia cocked her head slightly.
"Well, you've been looking at the streets inquisitively from the very start. Is there anywhere you're interested in?"
"Yes, there are so many different shops. Simply looking at them is already very interesting."
Restia nodded candidly.
"Then how about we take a brief stroll nearby?"
"...Can we?"
"Sure. It'll be a perfect way to kill time before dinner."
Thus, Kamito took Restia on a tour of various parts of town.
The nearer they got to the town center, the more packed the crowds. Although the sun had already set and the sky was dark, reconstruction was still ongoing.
Walking among the crowds in the main streets, knights in military uniform were the most conspicuous. Rather than soldiers garrisoned at the Academy Town, they were new knights sent from the imperial capital. After suffering the attack from the militarized spirits, the garrisoned knights had become quite paralyzed in functionality in the days ever since.
"...So many people... Kyah..."
Kamito grabbed Restia's hand just as she was about to be swept away in the crowd.
Then he pulled her to his side.
"U-Umm..."
"We have to hold hands properly because it's crowded here."
"...U-Uh..."
Suddenly, certain nostalgic memories surfaced in Kamito's mind.
"It's the opposite of what happened before."
"...Before?"
"Yeah, six years ago, when you and I visited the imperial capital."
—On the day of the Great Festival of the Spirits six years prior, back when Kamito was nine years old, the Instructional School had sent him on a mission to steal militarized spirits that were used in the ceremony.
Still a young boy then and shocked by the large amount of people and seeing the gigantic size of the imperial capital for the first time in his life, Kamito had walked in the streets, holding Restia's hand.
"...I see, so we've known each other for that long."
"In the beginning, all we did was fight all the time."
Kamito said with a wry smile. But if anything, rather than fighting, it was actually more like Kamito getting hit one-sidedly by Restia's lightning.
"Look look, over there—" "The Demon King of the Night has a new girl with him." "Forced to dress up as a maid." "Has he tired of the students in his cohort?" "Nothing less expected of the Demon King..."
Thus, they heard students whispering among themselves everywhere in the streets.
"...Demon King?"
"Please, forget about those comments."
Kamito groaned and replied to Restia who was tilting her head in puzzlement.
"But the Demon King mentioned by those young ladies is referring to..."
"A-Anyway, let's get out of here first!"
Gripping Restia's hand, Kamito began to walk quickly.
Leaving the central plaza, they reached the shopping district. A delicious aroma was drifting in the air.
There were many road-side vendors set up at the former site of buildings that had been destroyed by the militarized spirits.
Business seemed to be going well for the vendors. People who had worked on reconstructing the town during the daytime would gather here in the evenings.
"There is a lovely aroma in the air."
Restia looked at the vendors with great interest.
"Don't tell me you're hungry?"
"...!?"
Hearing Kamito's question, Restia instantly blushed.
"C-Certainly not...!"
"Oh well, lunch was quite a long time ago. Claire's cooking looks like it'll take a long time, so let's find some snacks for now—"
"I-It is fine! I did not mean to imply—"
Restia denied frantically.
However, she could not deceive Kamito who had lived with her for so many years.
"I get it, I get it..."
"...Y-You clearly have the wrong idea..."
Kamito smiled wryly and approached a vendor selling crepes nearby.
Suddenly, Kamito felt a strong tug on his right arm, stopping him.
"Well, no need to be shy... Huh?"
Wait, it should be his left hand that was holding Restia's hand.
...Tug. Tug. His right arm was pulled twice more.
"...?"
Kamito turned his head.
"Kamito, I am very hungry too."
"E-Est!"
Holding onto Kamito's arm was a beautiful young girl with dazzling silver-white hair.
With mysterious eyes of violet, she was staring expressionlessly at Kamito.
"You've already recovered?"
"Yes, I had a good sleep, Kamito."
The sword spirit nodded lightly and replied.
Due to using up too much energy, she had remained in sword form the whole time after the battle against Zirnitra. Finally, she revived now.
"...This girl is Miss Sword Spirit?"
Restia interjected in their conversation, thus prompting Est to finally notice her presence. Staring intently at Restia in her maid uniform...
"...Darkness spirit."
"Nice to meet you, Miss Sword Spirit."
Restia nodded slightly and bowed.
"Do not 'nice to meet you' me. That is wrong, darkness spirit."
Rumble rumble rumble rumble rumble rumble rumble rumble...!
Instantly, Est gave off a terrifying aura from all over her body.
This was the sword pressure coming from the legendary sacred sword that had vanquished the previous Demon King. Commoners in the surroundings turned to look at them.
"...Excuse me, M-Miss Sword Spirit?"
Frightened, Restia involuntarily hugged Kamito's arm.
Rumble rumble rumble rumble rumble rumble rumble rumble...!
Confronted with this scene, Est began to exude an even stronger aura.
(Oh right, these two always rubbed each other the wrong way to begin with!)
"—Kamito, get away from there now. Otherwise, I cannot erase the darkness spirit."
"W-Wait, Est, this is a long story—"
"...?"
Est cocked her head slightly.
"Umm, right now, Restia has lost all her memories of the past."
Hearing that from Kamito—
The aura of Est's anger weakened slightly.
"Lost her memories...?"
"Yeah. Not just forgetting about you and me, but even the fact that she's a spirit. So she's completely forgotten all her past interactions with you—"
"..."
Est slowly turned towards Restia.
"Darkness spirit, have you truly forgotten all memories from your time as a spirit?"
"Y-Yes..."
Restia nodded with a troubled look.
"Have you also forgotten about attacking Kamito many times and even forcibly stripping off my kneesocks?"
"D-Did I do something of that sort!?"
Restia replied, seeming quite shocked.
(Oh, the kneesocks stripping happened at Ragna Ys...)
"..."
Thus, Est stared into Restia's eyes—
"...I see. You have truly lost your memories."
She murmured in a whisper.
"In that case, darkness spirit, you and I are the same kind of existence."
"Est..."
—You and I are the same. Kamito swiftly understood what she meant by that.
Indeed, Est was separated from her main existence, resulting in a state of almost complete amnesia.
"Darkness spirit—"
Est suddenly pointed at Restia.
"You may stay by Kamito's side while you have lost your memories, but—"
She spoke expressionlessly.
"Please remember this carefully. I am actually your older sister."
"...Older sister?"
While Restia was taken aback, Est walked over to the vendor.
"..."
"—Oh well, looks like it's a done deal."
Patting Restia on the head, Kamito smiled wryly and remarked.
"Kamito, I want to eat crepes too."
"...Got it, got it."
Kamito frantically chased after Est.
In the crepe vendor's vicinity, Kamito heard a familiar voice.
"Tasty crepes, fit for a king, would you like one fresh from the frying pan?"
"...Umm, why are you here?"
"...Hwah, K-Kamito-sama!?"
Working at the crepe stand was Carol the maid.
"Could it be that your expedition has already returned...?"
"...Uh, what are you doing here, Carol?"
Kamito asked in exasperation. Carol smiled lightly.
"Yes, it was too boring in milady's absence, so I wanted to try a part-time job."
"What part-time job? Have you thought carefully about what your real job is?"
Kamito spoke with narrowed eyes.
"So milady has remained at Laurenfrost."
"Yeah. They have all kinds of troubles to attend to over there."
"...Fufu. Milady is already quite amazing as acting head of the Laurenfrost family."
"Come on Carol, you too need to learn from Rinslet a bit and work seriously."
"Yes, I will work hard to make this crepe stand prosperous!"
Carol clenched her fist.
"No, I'm not talking about that..."
"Could you please keep the fact that I am working part-time a secret from milady?"
Carol brought her index finger to her lips and smiled.
"...Sure, no problem. Then how about you give me a discount on the crepes?"
"...That's neither here nor there!"
"...You're showing some unexpected backbone here."
Kamito shrugged.
At this time, Est tugged the corner of Kamito's shirt again.
"Kamito, is the crepe not ready yet?"
"...Yeah, sorry. So you two, what flavor do you want?"
"I want a bean curd crepe."
"Umm, I don't think you can choose bean curd."
"Although bean curd isn't available, you can choose marshmallows."
"Then get me one of those. Restia, what are you having?"
"I-I'd like... umm..."
Looking at the menu on sign board, Restia was in a dilemma due to having too many choices.
"I recommend the chocolate banana crepe here♪"
"Sure, then get me one of those."
"Two crepes, one marshmallow and one chocolate banana, is that right?"
Carol started up a flame spirit crystal and started cooking crepes skillfully on a frying pan.
"Carol, you're able to use spirit crystals?"
"Yes, although I have not been formally trained, I can still use them if it's just simple spirit magic."
"Potential as an elementalist huh... Speaking of which, I'm quite surprised you know how to make sweets."
"Yes, I eat sweets prepared by milady all the time."
...While they chatted away like this, the crepes were quickly prepared.
The pancake part of the crepes was slightly browned. Then fruit such as banana or strawberry was added with a generous helping of fresh cream. The chocolate topping looked really delicious.
"Here, enjoy. Feel free to take huge bites."
"Be careful you don't drop it on the ground."
"Kamito, I am so happy♪"
"T-Thanks..."
Est munched away expressionlessly while enjoying her crepe. On the other hand, Restia looked troubled, confronted with food she was eating for the first time.
"...Umph."
Restia took a bite decisively. Cream spilled out from inside the crepe, sticking to her cheek.
"Look, on your face—"
Kamito wiped Restia's cheek with the tip of his finger.
Instantly, her face turned bright red.
"...~!?"
"What's wrong?"
"N-Nothing at all..."
Restia bowed her head shyly and began to munch away, imitating Est.
"...So delicious."
Restia's expression spontaneously turned joyful.
Seeing her like that, Est said:
"Darkness spirit, I want to try yours too."
"Please help yourself, Miss Sword Spirit."
"Yes."
Nodding once lightly, Restia presented her half-eaten crepe to Est.
"Then you try this marshmallow crepe too, darkness spirit."
The two contracted spirits exchanged crepes and munched away.
...They looked virtually like a pair of sister who got along well with each other.
"Fufu, they're so close."
Carol watched them happily.
At that moment, Kamito turned to her.
"Come to think of it, did anything happen here while we were gone?"
He suddenly asked about something that had been bothering him.
It was roughly five days ago when Kamito had set off for Laurenfrost, so nothing should have happened, but no matter what, ever since that incident, it would not be strange for commotions such as conflicts between students to flare up, fueled by unease.
"Nothing particularly important happened since that day."
Carol shook her head.
"However, the knights sent from the imperial capital have increased with every passing day."
"...Yeah, I thought so too."
The terrorist attack a few days ago had caused the Academy to lose many spirit knights and militarized spirits. In order to fill that void, the imperial capital had sent knights from their army.
"The Sylphid Knights are also working hard to uphold law and order in town."
"...I see. Well, I guess it's great that nothing happened—"
Just as Kamito breathed a sigh of relief...
"O-Oh no!"
"There's a rebellion at the Academy!"
People could be heard shouting in the streets, causing a great commotion.
"...Rebellion?"
Hearing such unsettling words, Kamito frowned.
"D-Did something happen?"
"...Your guess is as good as mine. You two, let's hurry back to the Academy first."
"Kamito, I am not done with my crepe—"
Taking Est and Restia, Kamito returned urgently to the Academy, only to find a commotion at the gates.
The Academy's students had set up a barricade in front of the main entrance and looked like they were having a fierce argument with the Empire's knights.
Dressed in armor, even the Sylphid Knights had their spirits summoned for some reason, restraining the Imperial Knights that were about to break the barricade.
It was like a powder keg waiting to be ignited any moment.
(...What the heck happened?)
Kamito wondered.
"Oh, it's you, Kamito."
Carrying heavy looking shopping bags, Claire ran over to him.
"Claire, what the heck is going on here?"
"It seems like part of the student body is protesting against the headmistress' arrest."
"...Huh?"
Kamito doubted his ears.
"Greyworth has been thrown in jail?"
"Read this—"
Claire took out a piece of paper from her front pocket.
It was a newspaper extra issued by the imperial capital. Reading it, Kamito's eyes widened.
"...What!?"
Fianna Ray Ordesia, the Empire's Second Princess, and Dame Greyworth Ciel Mais, formerly first ranked of the Numbers, had been arrested for an abortive assassination attempt on the emperor.
—The details were as follows.
During a session of the imperial council, the Empire's Second Princess Fianna Ray Ordesia had released a demon spirit, attempting to assassinate His Majesty the emperor. A petition signed by members of the anti-Arneus faction had also been discovered in the Second Princess' room.
Based on this, the incident was speculated to be a conflict born from the question of imperial succession.
Furthermore, the demon spirit released by the Second Princess was Dame Greyworth's contracted spirit. Thus, she was also thrown into jail as a co-conspirator.
"What the heck is going on!?"
Kamito could not help but scrunch the paper into a ball and yell.
"So you don't know anything about it either."
Claire shook her head.
"But there must be a mistake somewhere. Fianna clearly abandoned her position in the imperial family..."
"Yeah, I fear she was most likely framed."
"...Huahhhh!"
Hearing a sudden voice, Claire jumped in fright.
Out from Claire's shadow, a woman in a suit emerged silently.
"Freya-sensei!"
She was Miss Freya, the shadow elementalist and the homeroom teacher of Raven Class.
"Sensei, what on earth is going on? Who framed—"
"I am in the process of gathering information too. Claire Rouge, calm down first."
"How could I possibly calm down!? Because Fianna is now—"
At this moment, a small explosion was heard outside the barricade.
Someone on the Academy side had unleashed spirit magic.
"Stop that, idiot, don't use spirit magic!"
Surrounded by turmoil, Ellis yelled to stop the students from rioting.
"B-But Captain—"
"Throwing the headmistress into jail is unforgivable! Without even an official sentence—"
"The Imperial Knights are too tyrannical!"
(...This is a bad situation.)
Kamito pulled the frightened Restia and hid her behind his back.
As much as Kamito hated to admit, the respect and admiration the students afforded to the Dusk Witch and hero of the Ranbal War rivaled the popularity of Ren Ashbell, the Strongest Blade Dancer.
It would not come as a surprise if the students' anger exploded as a result of Greyworth's imprisonment.
However, rioting on the student side would give the Imperial Knights a pretext to suppress them.
"Claudia-sama, please authorize our use of spirit magic."
"This is legitimate defense. Let us hurry to arrest these rioters."
The woman named Claudia, clad in a high-ranked knight's armor, issued orders in a cold voice.
The spirit knights under her command released their elemental waffen at once.
The girls on the inside of the barricade began to feel afraid. There were almost no students capable of fighting professional spirit knights. Ultimately, only a small selection of honors students were able to summon contracted spirits and deploy elemental waffen with certainty.
"W-What are you doing? Do you intend to violate the Academy's right to autonomy—"
Ellis yelled as hard as she could but the Imperial Knights mercilessly destroyed the barricade.
"Dame Claudia, please ask your subordinates to withdraw—"
Ellis spoke to the leader of the opposing knights.
Engraved on the armor of the knight named Claudia was an emblem of an eagle with outspread wings.
It was the Fahrengart family crest. In other words, these knights were all inferior in position to Ellis, the daughter of the current family head.
However, the subordinate knights all ignored Ellis and forcibly arrested the resisting students. Screams were coming from girls who had their arms grabbed.
"...You—"
Reaching the end of her patience, Ellis summoned Ray Hawk. Just at that moment...
Scorching flames appeared from thin air, blocking the Imperial Knights.
"That's enough from you—"
Using Scarlet's intense flames, Claire threatened the surrounding knights.
Seeing a powerful spirit, far surpassing the level of students, the knights were taken aback.
"Claire...?"
"You are the Calamity Queen's sister."
However, Claudia stood her ground and stared coldly at Claire.
"Then the one over there must be Kazehaya Kamito."
Then she turned her gaze towards Kamito who was hiding Restia behind his back.
"...Yeah, so what?"
"Perfect. Orders from the higher-ups include your arrest."
"...What?"
"What do you mean by arrest!?"
Claudia drew her sword and swung the blade at Kamito.
"Because the friends of the Second Princess cannot be allowed to roam free after her assassination attempt on the emperor!"
"...Fianna can't possibly have attempted an assassination!"
"Irrelevant. I am merely a pawn that follows the military's orders."
Claudia brandished her sword while her subordinate knights swiftly surrounded Kamito and company.
(...There are seven spirit knights. Out of them, three are highly skilled.)
Kamito calmly assessed the enemy forces while holding Est's hand.
"Est, I'm counting on you—"
"Yes, Kamito. I am your sword, your wish is my command—"
After Kamito recited the incantation of release, Est's figure turned into particles of light that disappeared into thin air, transforming into the Demon Slayer, shining with silver-white radiance.
"What can one person do? Attack!"
As Claudia yelled, the surrounding spirit knights rushed in.
Kamito poured divine power into the Demon Slayer and kicked the ground hard.
"Absolute Blade Arts—Third Form, Shadowmoon Waltz!"
A flash of numerous slashes.
In the next second, all the attacking knights collapsed on the ground.
"Now way... In an instant... the three elites among the spirit knights...?"
"Sorry, I won't hold back if soldiers are my opponents."
Kamito adjusted his stance with the Demon Slayer and stared at the remaining knights.
"Count me in as well!"
Wielding Flametongue, Claire kept the knights pinned down.
"As expected of the victors of the Blade Dance tournament. It seems that ordinary means are not enough."
Claudia shrugged and stabbed her sword into the ground. Next—
"Which is why such a method—"
She snapped her fingers.
"Ah!"
Behind Kamito, Restia screamed.
"Restia!"
Kamito looked back to see a translucent serpentine spirit wrapped around Restia's head, choking her throat. This was a small militarized spirit used by the Imperial Knights for espionage.
"...Ack... Urgh..."
"This girl seems to be important to you, even though her identity is unknown."
"...You bitch!"
Kamito roared and glared angrily at Claudia in front of him.
"Stand down with your elemental waffe, Kazehaya Kamito."
"Damn...!"
Kamito gritted his teeth hard.
He was to blame for failing to watch over Restia properly, but did all spirit knights belonging to the imperial army stoop so low as to take hostages?
"Dame Claudia!"
Ellis yelled in reprimand.
"As a member of the Fahrengart Knights, how could you—"
"I am simply fulfilling my duties as a knight, Lady Ellis."
"...What are you talking about...?"
"...Kk... Urghhhh...!"
Strangled by the neck, Restia was wheezing painfully. In her darkness spirit days, she could easily pulverize low-ranked militarized spirits, but right now—
"...I got it. Please stop...!"
Kamito stabbed the Demon Slayer into the ground and raised his arms to surrender.
Claudia instantly ordered her subordinates:
"Seize Kazehaya Kamito and the Calamity Queen's sister."
"W-Wait, what are you doing... Kyah!"
Kamito and Claire were instantly captured by the army's binding spells.
"...Ooh... Hmm..."
Inside a dimly lit room, Fianna woke up.
She could sense from this room an unusual pressure that did not stem from its crampedness.
Without any windows, no sunlight entered at all. The only light source was a spirit crystal glowing on a candlestick.
This was the Temple of World Isolation located underground, under the Great Shrine of Areishia in the center of Ostdakia, the imperial capital. In the past, it used to be a place where princess maidens of royal blood trained.
Due to seals on the stone floor, all links to Astral Zero were severed completely. Let alone summoning a contracted spirit, even using spirit magic was impossible.
A princess maiden had accidentally died during training in this room during the previous emperor's reign. As a result, the room had not been opened for a very long time now.
(It turns out to be quite handy as a place for imprisoning princess maidens.)
Those who made attempts on the emperor's life would normally be locked away in the lowest level of Balsas Prison, but the prison had been half-wrecked in the attack a few days ago and was under repairs.
"...Guh... Ah."
Her arms ached intensely when she twisted her body.
Bound by chains with spells written in them, Fianna's body was suspended from the ceiling. The pure white dress she was wearing at the assembly was tattered in a sorry state, most likely ripped while she was forcibly taken here.
Her consciousness was still hazy.
Was it mind manipulation magic? Or perhaps they had used some kind of drug.
—After the incident, Fianna was instantly arrested and imprisoned in this room.
According to the knights, the anti-Arneus faction's signed petition was discovered in Fianna's room. All the great nobles with their signatures there were arrested.
Lord Conrad had committed suicide by poison in his own room. According to the Imperial Knights' interpretation, the prime minister had committed suicide as the main conspirator after knowing the plan had failed.
Naturally, it was impossible for Fianna to believe such an explanation. The prime minister's objective was to prevent Arneus, the Holy Kingdom's puppet, from succeeding to the throne at all costs.
(The prime minister isn't stupid. How could he possibly use such a reckless method as assassinating the emperor?)
But in that case, why did the prime minister hand that Bloodstone over to Fianna?
(...Was he not aware that a demon spirit was sealed inside?)
Assuming that was the case, he must have fallen to someone's trickery. The demon spirit's rampage was a show engineered and put on by the Arneus faction with the purpose of taking down all Fianna-faction nobles in one fell swoop, but—
There was still one more fact that bothered her.
(The rampaging demon spirit was the headmistress' contracted spirit...)
The existence of the Dusk Witch, currently holding extreme political clout, was probably quite an obstacle to the Arneus faction. Hence, they used the demon spirit formerly employed by the witch to successfully frame her. However, what kind of method did they use to seal up an archdemon-class spirit, and The Dusk Witch's contracted spirit to boot...?
In her hazy consciousness, numerous questions surfaced in her mind.
At this time, a heavy sound of the door opening was heard in the Temple of World Isolation.
"...!?"
A ray of light from the outside world shot into the dim space, forcing Fianna to squint.
"Kukuku... What a splendid sight, my little sister—"
Hearing that voice made Fianna frown in disgust.
Entering with his arms spread ostentatiously was Arneus.
Fianna cast an angry gaze of complete hostility on her older brother's face.
"Dear esteemed brother—no, perhaps it would be better to address you as Your Majesty, Emperor Arneus?"
"I'm not the emperor yet, not yet—"
Smiling like that, Arneus brought his face up close, enough for her to feel his breath.
"However, my father is currently confined to bed, infected by the miasma from the demon spirit you summoned. Naming me as his successor is only a matter of time—"
"It must not have been easy for you to devise such a plan. Is the Holy Kingdom backing you by any chance?"
"...!"
Arneus' face instantly changed in alarm.
"...Hmph, you'll be executed in a few days anyway, Lost Queen."
Spitting out such words, he left the room and closed the door violently.
"Your Highness, Prince Arneus."
He heard that voice as soon as he stepped out of the Temple of World Isolation.
Arneus turned his gaze towards the voice's source. In the shadows of a stone pillar was a woman in a knight's uniform.
Her black hair was gorgeous to the point of seductive. Those dark blue eyes of hers seemed filled with dark flames.
Dame Leschkir Hirschkilt, a member of Numbers.
"Ah, Dame Leschkir—"
"Your speech earlier was splendid, Your Highness."
With a seductive smile on her lips, she offered praise.
What had taken place several hours earlier was a speech delivered to the gathering of national representatives from across the continent. Weeping sorrowfully for his bedridden father the Ordesia emperor, he had strongly condemned the mastermind behind the abortive assassination attempt, the Second Princess.
"I can't believe you were capable of that, Dame Leschkir. I was scared out of my wits when the demon spirit was rampaging..."
"Ultimately, it was just a shadow of power sealed into a spirit crystal—merely a 'manifestation.' As one would expect of the Dusk Witch's spirit, even a Numbers knight would not be able to emerge unscathed in a battle against it."
"...I see. Well, that being said, your acting skills were top-notch."
Arneus smiled malevolently.
"However, are you sure you want to kill His Majesty just like that?"
"...No, killing him is not the best method."
Arneus shook his head and said:
"My father still has to complete the important task of naming me as his successor. Also, he can no longer rise from bed after approaching that demon spirit and coming into contact with the miasma of death."
"Indeed, he is already no different from a dead man."
A seductive smile surfaced on Leschkir's face.
Filled with potent malice, that smile made Arneus feel a chill along his back.
However, it was only for an instant and Leschkir soon left his side.
"Then I shall take my leave. It would not do if anyone witnessed this scene."
After bowing gracefully, she disappeared into the shadows behind the pillar.
(What a terrifying woman even though I know she's clearly on my side.)
Arneus wiped sweat from his forehead and whispered in his mind.
Although she was aiding the Arneus faction, she was not allied to him personally.
Dame Leschkir was one of Lurie Lizaldia's subordinates. In other words, she was in league with the Holy Kingdom.
(...What should I do with the Holy Kingdom that's currently backing me?)
Arneus had no interest in the Holy Kingdom's goals at all. All he had was an ambition to become emperor like any other person.
Using the Holy Kingdom as a means to that end, that was what he intended from the start.
"Things are proceeding quite smoothly, Prince Arneus."
"...!?"
Arneus jumped in fright at the voice he suddenly heard from behind him.
He looked back to find a man in his prime, standing there without him knowing, holding a scepter in his hand.
Arneus felt a chill down his spine. That man was Lord Conrad the prime minister who was supposed to have died, poisoned by Arneus' subordinates.
"...How tasteless, Lord Prime Minister. If anyone were to see you in your carelessness..."
"Don't worry, there is no one here."
Despite Lord Conrad's appearance, the adorable voice belonged to a girl.
Immediately, the prime minister's appearance became distorted, transforming in an instant.
Before his eyes was a cute girl in sacred vestments.
Twelve or thirteen years old in appearance, lustrous blonde hair shining brilliantly. Her right eye was a mysterious violet but her left eye was covered by a boorish eyepatch.
She was one of the Holy Kingdom's cardinals, Millennia Sanctus.
Facilitating Sjora Kahn's coup d'etat in the Alphas Theocracy and masterminding the attack on the Academy with Lurie Lizaldia, she was the girl with Otherworldly Darkness residing in her.
Held in her hand was an unsettling mask of pure white.
"Fufu, obtained from Sjora, this is quite convenient in its ability to simulate the memories and personality of the person whose shadow was stolen in addition to their appearance."
Unbeknownst to Arneus, the mask in her hand was the elemental waffe, Proteus Mask, of the demon spirit Baldanders. During the Blade Dance tournament, Sjora Kahn had used this elemental waffe to subject Team Scarlet to great hardship as well as making the Quina Empire's Four Gods team fall into her trap.
Fianna's guess that the prime minister had been exploited by the Arneus faction was actually not far off from the truth. Last night, it was Millennia Sanctus who had visited Fianna's bedroom in the guise of Lord Conrad. The real prime minister had already been assassinated the previous day.
"With the nobles in the Second Princess faction all thrown into prison, there is no one capable of stopping you now."
"Hmm, yes, I am most grateful for the support from the Holy Kingdom of Lugia."
Arneus bowed his head unnaturally. To be honest, it would have been very difficult for him to take the Ordesian throne without the Holy Kingdom's support.
However, he felt inexplicably intimidated by such a young girl.
"So, will you hand the witch over to us as agreed?"
The girl looked up at Arneus and asked.
"Yes, as you wish. I will have that woman transported to the tower at Guas Gibai immediately."
"Very well, I shall wait at the tower."
"But is there any value left in that woman to exploit? Having lost the power to contract with spirits, that witch can no longer pose any threat against us."
Arneus asked in puzzlement. What this girl wanted was the witch's body, what on earth was going on?
"It is none of your concern, Your Majesty."
An adorable smile appeared on Millennia's face with a chuckle.
Instantly, Arneus felt an extremely terrifying presence.
"I-I see. Indeed, it is none of my concern..."
Like a broken puppet, he kept nodding.
Several hours passed after Kamito and company were taken away by the Imperial Knights.
A military flying vessel arrived in the sky near the Academy Town.
It was a strange ship, a flying vessel that did not belong to the Ordesia military.
The ship's shape resembled the battleships commonly used during the Ranbal War era. An unregistered ship, the hull had signs of large-scale modifications. Rather than a sculpture of the Elemental Lords as was customary, what decorated the ship's prow was a lion's head, enveloped in flames.
Slicing through clouds in its wake, the ship advanced like a shadow.
There were two figures on the ship's deck.
A girl wearing a crimson mask and a girl clad in a knight's armor.
"—How is the situation?"
"A report from subordinates infiltrating the Academy Town. All of them have been arrested by the Ordesia army."
The girl with the crimson mask placed the spirit crystal she was holding into her front pocket. It was a spirit crystal officially used by the Ordesia military for long-distance communications.
"We arrived too late, did we? ...Is Ren Ashbell at a military facility?"
"Most likely—"
"In that case, I shall head out."
"Are you sure? Your opponents will be the Imperial Knights."
"No matter, I have already forsaken my life as a knight. Furthermore—"
Saying that, the girl in armor touched her heart's location on her chest with her fingertips.
"A perfect chance to take this on a test run."
Her dispassionate voice whispered, as cold as steel.

"Stay here and don't try anything funny, Demon King of the Night—"
Restrained by spirit magic, Kamito was taken by the knights and violently thrown into a jail cell inside a military facility behind a metal door.
Est was confiscated and his hands were cuffed behind his back. Under such conditions, even Kamito could not resist. Besides, even if he could resist, he was out of options while Restia was taken hostage.
As the metal door shut, a magic circle engraved on the door's surface glowed.
(...An isolation barrier huh. What a pain...)
While lying on cold stone tiles, Kamito cursed inside his mind.
With that, even trying to find Est's location through the spirit seal's resonance would not be possible.
Crawling over the floor, he moved near the door.
He detected one presence on the other side of the door, apparently just an ordinary guard, not a spirit knight.
"What happened to Claire and the others? They're not getting rough treatment, are they?"
He asked the other side.
"You don't need to know."
The guard's cold voice replied.
"Is this attempted assassination on the emperor for real? What the heck happened at the imperial capital?"
"Shut up, you're being annoying."
This time, the door was kicked violently.
(...Looks like it's not someone with loose lips.)
Kamito sighed, sat up and leaned against the wall.
Throwing a tantrum here would be pointless. It would be wiser to conserve his energy and bide his time.
(...But things have gotten troublesome.)
The situation was too terrible.
Fianna was surely caught in some kind of power struggle and got framed.
At this rate, she might end up executed before a proper trial took place.
(...And it takes at least four days to hurry to the imperial capital from here.)
Also, even if he could hasten to the imperial capital, he would still need to find a way to get around the army's guards to rescue her.
...Before that, even getting out of here was a problem.
(Fianna...)
The image of the princess, who sometimes teased him and often encouraged him, surfaced in his mind, instantly filling him with impatience.
—At this moment.
"...to... Kazehaya Kamito—"
He suddenly heard a voice behind him.
Rather than coming from the door's opposite side, it felt more like a whisper by his ear.
Kamito looked at the door behind him. There were no signs of any one else.
All he saw was his own shadow.
However, Kamito felt a sense of dissonance from that shadow.
The cell's light source was a faint bit of light entering from a gridded window near the ceiling.
However, the shadow was projected with unnatural clarity against the door, looking almost like a human figure had been singularly cut out of space.
"...Say, could this be—"
"Quiet, fool."
The shadow raised a finger and made a hushing gesture.
Immediately realizing the shadow's true identity, Kamito lowered his voice as instructed.
"—Freya-sensei."
He spoke the name of his homeroom teacher.
Indeed, he had seen this many times during mock battle tests at the Academy.
The true identity of this bizarre shadow was Miss Freya's shadow spirit—Shadow Servant.
The shadow nodded then...
"My apologies for coming late. It is a little difficult to use a spirit inside an isolation barrier."
"Don't tell me you sneaked into the military facility?"
"No, I am not inside the facility. I am controlling this spirit at long range from somewhere in the Academy Town. The moment you were arrested, I slipped it secretly into your shadow."
After deftly unfastening Kamito's handcuffs, the shadow's shape distorted and passed through the crack under the door to go outside. Before long, a quiet unlocking sound was heard.
"Make it quick. Leave before the spirit knights notice."
"...Sorry, I owe you one."
Kamito immediately stood up.
"But are you sure this is okay?"
"What do you mean?"
"Surely, you're endangering your position by doing this—"
"All along, my loyalty lies with the headmistress alone, not the Empire."
The shadow on the ground shrugged and answered.
Inside the headmistress' office on the third floor of the Academy...
"—Claudia, I do not approve of your occupation of the Academy!"
"Your permission is not required, Lady Ellis."
"...What!?"
Ellis was at a loss for words, confronted with the calm Claudia whose expression did not even change.
This was after Kamito and company had been arrested.
Areishia Spirit Academy had been taken over by the Imperial Knights.
All the protesting students at the main entrance were arrested. The other students were under house arrest in their dorms.
At the same time, the Sylphid Knights, in charge of upholding law and order in the Academy, were forbidden from taking action. It was equivalent to relieving Ellis of her position as the captain of the Sylphid Knights.
"I am simply fulfilling my duties as an Imperial Knight."
Claudia declared coldly.
"Duties? Your duties include arresting helpless students who cannot resist?"
"This cannot be helped. They were the ones to use spirit magic first."
"...Hmph. Besides, why was the headmistress arrested and imprisoned!?"
"Reportedly, she conspired with the Second Princess and attempted to assassinate His Majesty."
"It must be a setup. They are not the type to do that."
"Her Highness the Second Princess is your classmate, Lady Ellis, isn't she? Is there anything else you wish to add?"
Ellis raised her hand on reflex.
After taking a deep breath, she lowered it slowly to the table.
Then in a quiet and trembling voice, she said:
"...Put me in there."
"...?"
"I want to be put into prison just like Kamito and the others!"
"To think I was expecting something different—"
Claudia shook her head in exasperation.
However, Ellis continued:
"I opposed the Imperial Knights at the time too. It would be unfair if I remained as the only one not arrested. Or are you telling me that a daughter of the Fahrengart family is entitled to special treatment?"
"...How stubborn."
Reaching the end of her patience, Claudia remarked and snapped her fingers loudly.
Soon, the door of the headmistress' office opened and two spirit knights entered.
"Take her to the military facility to cool her head a bit."
"...This is unacceptable!"
Claire roared angrily at the tightly shut door of the cell.
Like the place where Kamito was kept confined, this was a prison in a military facility.
Although she was not handcuffed like Kamito, the isolation barrier had severed the link to her contracted spirit, not only preventing her from summoning Scarlet but also using spirit magic.
(...But I could probably get out if I used those flames.)
Claire cast her gaze upon her hands. The special power whose nature differed from spirit magic, passed down the Elstein family—The flames of oblivion, even capable of incinerating other flames.
However, even if she could escape this cell, she would still be helpless against the spirit knights outside.
"...Let me out or else you might end up burned into charcoal!"
Despite banging on the door and even kicking it twice, she could not get any response from outside at all.
Finally felling tired, Claire sighed helplessly and sat down on the spot.
"...I am terribly sorry, it's all because I was caught—"
At this moment, Restia apologized from her position, crouching in a corner of the cell.
"It's not like it's your fault. That bunch of violent knights are to blame."
Claire turned her head to look at Restia.
"But if you could recover your power, escaping this kind of prison should be a piece of cake."
She shrugged.
"I have that kind of power?"
"Yes, you are a high-ranked spirit of the darkness element after all. If you used your original strength, ordinary spirit knights are no match at all. Using that black lightning, you can fry them in a sizzle—"
"...That sounds so scary."
Restia moaned and spoke timidly in a whisper.
"There, there. You don't have to force yourself to remember. Sorry about that."
Seeing how she reacted, Claire apologized, feeling bad.
(...I-It feels quite unbelievable, spending time alone with the darkness spirit.)
Claire felt quite conflicted inside. Claire was a shy girl originally. Even disregarding the fact that the two of them had been clear enemies previously, Claire really did not know how to interact with her after she had lost her memory.
(...She's the girl that Kamito holds dearest, I guess?)
Suddenly recalling this fact, Claire instantly felt a tightening in her chest.
(Much much further back in the past than me, she was already together with Kamito—)
...Growl.
Hearing a cute little sound, Claire was instantly brought back to reality.
"Are you hungry?"
"Ah, u-uhh..."
Restia blushed to her ears, looking quite flustered... Speaking of which, they still had not had dinner. Claire suddenly remembered.
"Uh, would you like to have this?"
From her pocket, Claire took out a biscuit wrapped in oil paper. It was made by Rinslet and Claire had taken it when leaving the castle at Laurenfrost.
"May I?"
"I'm eating too. Let's share it half-half."
"T-Thank you..."
While eating the biscuit, Claire spoke.
"Don't worry. Ellis will surely find a way."
All things considered, Ellis was a daughter of the Fahrengart family, which held vast influence over the Imperial Knights. If she negotiated with the higher-ups, surely they would be released soon.
Just as Claire was thinking so optimistically...
The cell door, which had shown no reaction no matter how much she yelled or kicked, opened with a rusty grating sound.
"...Ellis!"
Claire stood up and yelled.
Appearing outside the door was precisely the Ellis she had just mentioned.
"You're late, Ellis. I've been waiting so long."
Claire said to her.
However, Claire soon noticed something off about her.
"No, uh, sorry—"
"...Huh?"
Ellis came in and sat down in a corner of the cell, drawing her knees to her chest.
Then the door was shut from outside and locked with a clack.
"W-Wait, what's going on? Why are you sent to jail too?"
"I-I am simply insisting on my principles..."
Saying that, Ellis turned her face away in embarrassment.
"Y-You... Don't tell me..."
Guessing the gist of things based on her personality, Claire buried her own head in her hands.
"I-Idiot! Who's going to save us if you're jailed here too!?"
"U-Umm, you make a fair point... My apologies."
Looking like she was reflecting on her actions at least, Ellis apologized quietly.
"B-But I do not regret my decision—"
"...Sigh. Sheesh, you simply can't think outside the box."
Claire clutched her head and sighed in exasperation.
"Well, it is very much in your style..."
"—No reaction?"
"Yeah, looks she's not nearby."
Running along a passage, led by the shadow spirit, Kamito focused his awareness on his right hand's seal.
His link with Est was still not restored.
At the very least, she did not seem to be in the vicinity.
(...Or perhaps, Est is locked away behind an isolation barrier too.)
Were that the case, then he would not be able to sense her location until they were extremely close.
Kamito erased his presence to avoid getting detected by guards, using blind spots in the passages to move around.
Although his escape had yet to be discovered, that would only be a matter of time.
"How about here?"
Discovering what appeared to be a storeroom, Kamito stopped.
The shadow spirit slithered into the keyhole and quickly unlocked it.
"Nothing less expected from a former special operative knight belonging to Umbra. This kind of stuff is easy as pie for you."
"Oh? You noticed?"
Freya's shadow spirit sounded surprised to hear Kamito's comment.
"I can tell from your movements. I've already fought those people a number of times."
"The Empire's special operative knights? What kind of life did you lead exactly?"
"...It's a long story."
Shrugging, Kamito entered the storeroom.
Taking and activating a spirit crystal hanging on the wall that was meant for illumination, he shone it inside, only to see many bottles on the ground. They looked like they were used to preserve pickled meat or the like.
No signs of Est. Not this place, apparently.
"Damn it, if we don't hurry—"
Kamito was just about to exit the storeroom when—
Hearing loud footsteps and yelling outside, he stopped.
"The male elementalist has escaped!" "Catch him, dead or alive!"
"...Tsk, they found out already."
It was sooner than expected. Compared to the guards he had taken out just now, the enemies were well-trained spirit knights. It would be tough, even for someone like Kamito, to fight them unarmed without an elemental waffe.
(...But the situation actually isn't that bad.)
With the Imperial Knights' attention focused on Kamito alone, suppose he managed to create an opening, then Claire and the others might have a chance to escape their imprisonment.
"Freya-sensei, Claire and the others should be somewhere inside this facility too. Can you go rescue them first?"
"Sure, but what is your plan?"
"I'll find Est on my own. Once I get Est back, I'll always find a way."
"How very confident. I don't suppose you intend to fight all the spirit knights stationed at this facility?"
"Give me a break—"
Kamito grimaced.
"I'll draw the Knights' attention in the meantime. After you help Claire and the others escape, tell them to go to that spring in the Spirit Forest and we'll meet up there—"
"That spring?"
"Claire will understand."
"...Very well. Don't overdo it."
Leaving behind this reminder, the shadow spirit left Kamito's shadow and silently disappeared into the darkness of the passage.
After watching it leave, Kamito went:
"—Oh well, infiltration and causing disturbances was my original line of work."
Kamito muttered quietly and began to move.
The voices and footsteps of knights searching for Kamito grew more and more.
However, these sounds ended up telling Kamito about the knights' positions.
(—Looks like they're splitting up to find me.)
Kamito determined this from the sound of their footsteps.
Spirit knights in the army would usually take action in units of two or three. This allowed them to compensate for the elemental weaknesses in one another's contracted spirits, thereby allowing them to fight at maximum power.
For example, a fire elementalist, whose weakness was water, would partner up with an earth elementalist, who held an advantage against water.
However, knowing that Kamito was currently unable to use his contracted spirit, the knights had chosen to prioritize search efficiency. Indeed, it was a very reasonable decision.
(—Too bad for you lot, your opponent was trained in the Instructional School.)
Kamito chanted a spell of Weapon Works, producing a dagger in each hand.
Divide and conquer was a basic tactic used by Instructional School combatants. Even without the use of an elemental waffe, it was sufficient for the purpose of causing a commotion.
No sooner had he thought that than a knight appeared opposite him in the passage.
"—Found you, male elementalist!"
Seeing Kamito with weapons in both hands, the knight released the spirit magic of Fireball without hesitation. Instantly, the scorching flames exploded.
—However, Kamito was no longer there. Kicking a wall, he jumped and dodged the flames in the nick of time and took advantage of the flames' explosion to throw his magic daggers.
(—Great, let's see how much of a ruckus I can make.)
The sound of an explosion in the distance made Claire look up suddenly.
"...What's happening?"
She hastily approached the door.
Suddenly, a bizarre shadow crept in from the gap under the door.
"H-Huahh!"
"What is the matter, Claire!?"
Hearing Claire's scream, Ellis called out sharply.
"S-Something weird from outside—"
"Calling others weird from the onset, are you? Claire Rouge."
"...Huh?"
Claire was stunned. That displeased voice sounded so familiar.
"Don't tell me you're Freya-sensei?"
"Correct. Your supplementary lesson shall be waived."
The shadow slipping in from under the door gradually took on a human shape.
"Sensei, please rescue us!"
"I will. Hurry and leave as quickly as possible while the commotion is going on."
"Y-Yes!" "Understood!"
Claire and Ellis nodded and immediately opened the unlocked door.
The shadow spirit moved along the ground, leading Claire and company through the passage.
"Okay, darkness spirit, hurry and run—"
"Y-Yes..."
Claire took Restia by the hand and chased after the shadow that was moving along the passage.
While running, she asked the shadow that was crawling on the floor.
"Sensei, what about Kamito? Also, the explosion earlier—"
"He escaped first. I presume he is currently causing a disturbance to draw away the knights' attention. He intends to converge with you outside after he retrieves the sword spirit."
"No way...!"
Kamito's strength was undeniable.
However, to fight an order of knights alone—
"Will he be fine on his own? Or should we go along to fight too—"
Although Ellis suggested that...
"Do not worry unnecessarily. His efforts must not go to waste."
The shadow spirit shook its head and answered. ...Indeed, a single misstep and all would be lost if they wasted their chance to escape.
"...I understand. So the rendezvous point is?"
"He said it was that spring in the Spirit Forest."
"...That spring?"
Claire instantly frowned and thought over it.
"...Oh I see, he meant that spring."
She soon figured it out. Kamito was referring to the purification spring where he had first met Claire.
Recalling how Kamito had seen her naked at the time, Claire could not help but feel her face heat up.
—At that very moment, footsteps could be heard coming from the opposite end of the passage.
"...Damn it, how on earth did they open the jail cell's door—"
Appearing from around a corner was a knight armed with an elemental waffe.
"...We've been found. But if it is only one person—"
"Yeah, let us break through by force!"
While yelling, Ellis summoned Ray Hawk in her hand.
"Darkness spirit, hide behind us—"
Claire summoned Flametongue and immediately swung it.
A crimson slash tore through the air, attacking the knight before them.
"I beseech thee to blow, O wind of hot sand—Desert Storm!"
The knight chanted spirit magic. Instantly, a violent sandstorm swirled in the passage, blocking Claire's view.
With the knight's figure was obscured by the sand, the flaming whip missed its mark.
"Pretty good huh—"
"Claire, the teacher's shadow spirit—"
Ellis cried out acutely.
The howling sandstorm had mercilessly devoured the shadow crawling on the ground.
"Freya-sensei—"
"...So this is its limit huh...? I leave the rest, to you, students—"
Her voice, mixed with static, was cut off.
A shadow spirit was not meant for combat in the first place. In addition, it was being controlled from long range. Once the shadow could not sustain itself, it vanished rapidly.
"Damn it—"
Claire bit her lip and stared intently across the sandstorm.
"This is bad. Scarlet's elemental compatibility fares poorly against that sand spirit!"
"Yes, watch out, it is coming—"
Ellis readied Ray Hawk and shouted. Instantly, a gigantic arm of sandstone reached out from the barrier of sand covering their view.
"...Tsk, curse you—"
Ellis' spear swept towards the arm of sandstone in an arc.
However, it did not work. Severed, the arm soon regenerated by gathering the nearby sand and struck Claire.
Sent flying by a hook punch, Claire smashed into a wall.
"...Gah—!"
"Claire!"
"...I-I'm fine... Take this—"
Claire chanted spirit magic while in a kneeling posture.
"Come forth from the furnace of conflagration—Hellhounds!"
Flames appeared out of thin air to turn into two hunting hounds, diving into the howling sandstorm. This was an automatically homing beast of fire that could chase a target to the very end.
In response, the arm of sandstone extending out from the ground hastily changed direction and blocked the path in front of the hellhounds. Blocked by sandstone, the scorching flames were easily extinguished.
—However, that was precisely Claire's plan.
It would be impossible to personally control that arm of sandstone with precision in a situation of zero visibility. Its nature must include some level of autonomy in attacking targets and guarding its master.
In other words, it would automatically defend when the user was under attack, which also meant that—
It was not difficult to guess her location even with a sandstorm obscuring her from view.
"Ellis, do it now—"
"—Over there huh? Fahrengart style of the spear, Flying Strike!"
Ellis launched her spear, enveloped in a whirlwind, against the arm of sandstone sticking out of the ground.
Infused with all her divine power, the thrown Ray Hawk pierced the arm of sandstone, releasing a slicing gale inside the depths of the sandstorm.
"Ahhhhhhhhhhhh!"
The howling sandstorm instantly vanished, accompanied by a scream. Visibility was restored all at once.
A knight could be seen lying face up on the floor of the passage, her armor pulverized.
"Hold on, Ellis, aren't you overdoing it?"
"I controlled my power. She simply lost consciousness."
Saying that, Ellis pulled out Ray Hawk from the stone floor.
"Darkness spirit, you can come out now—"
Claire called out behind her. Immediately, Restia emerged from her hiding place, a hole in the wall.
"...You two are so strong."
"Kamito is even more amazing."
Claire shrugged and looked into the depths of the passage.
"Let's hurry before the knights' reinforcements arrive—"
At this moment, even Kamito was gradually getting cornered by the knights encircling him.
"S-Seal the passage!"
"The Demon King of the Night must not get away!"
(...Est, where are you? Answer me!)
While using a wall to hide himself, Kamito called out to Est mentally.
However, the spirit seal on his right hand did not react at all. She was probably sealed in sword form inside an isolation barrier. Trying to find a single sword in a vast facility was like looking for a needle in a haystack.
(...At this rate, they're going to surround me.)
Kamito placed the collapsed knight at his feet in the center of the passage as conspicuously as possible. This was a knight he had ambushed while erasing his presence. She was completely unconscious.
(...This makes five. I've already made such a big commotion, so it should be almost time—)
Kamito was attracting as much attention as possible for a purpose. Naturally, first of all, he wanted to make it easy for Claire and the others to escape. Secondly—
This was the moment. Kamito's sensitive ears picked up on multiple sets of footsteps.
Roughly four or five people. No less than three.
(Man, they finally took action huh...)
Kamito muttered in his heart and hid himself again, focusing his mind on the sound of footsteps.
Previously, the knights were acting independently, probably underestimating Kamito's power in a decision to prioritize search efficiency.
Then now, they were forming a small team to defeat Kamito with certainty—?
No, no matter how much they feared Kamito's power, deploying five knights to handle an opponent who had no elemental waffe would be too much. To search for Kamito in such a vast facility like this would be too inefficient.
This team's purpose was probably to guard something rather than to hunt down Kamito. Under such circumstances, there could only be one object that the Imperial Knights would send five of them to guard.
Precisely what must not fall into Kamito's hands—The Demon Slayer.
Indeed, this was Kamito's other purpose. To make the knights feel a sense of crisis in the face of Kamito and send people to guard Est—
Kamito focused his attention on the footsteps in the distance and began to follow them.
(...But five spirit knights huh. Engaging them head on would be a bit too tricky.)
To be honest, this was quite a gamble.
The best-case scenario would be to locate Est while the Imperial Knights were still underestimating him. Putting them on high alert so that they beef up security was definitely not the best plan. Even after taking back Est, it would be pointless if he was unable to break out of the encirclement.
However—
(...As long as I have Est in my hand, there will always be a way.)
Kamito was confident that he could escape once he retrieved the Demon Slayer, even if he had to confront all the spirit knights in the facility.
Erasing his presence, he followed cautiously. The knights were not very vigilant, probably lowering their guard after forming the team. They did not seem to notice Kamito approaching them.
Soon, the team of knights stopped in front of a certain door. A massive metal door carved with a magic circle. An isolation barrier had probably been deployed inside.
Throb—Kamito felt a stinging pain in the spirit seal on his right hand.
(...Est?)
Hiding in the shadows, Kamito instantly focused his mind on his right hand.
...No answer. But he definitely could feel Est's presence.
(...I knew it, she's here huh—)
Est is here—Just as Kamito believed with certainty...
"—There's someone over there!?"
A knight guarding the door yelled out sharply.
"...!"
Kamito reflexively left his spot in the shadows.
In the next instant, an arrow of light shot down at his hiding place, exploding in a flash of light.
—Apparently due to re-establishing his link with Est, the knights were able to sense the faint presence of divine power.
"Y-You are—"
Seeing Kamito emerge, the knight who had released the arrow of light exclaimed in shock.
"O steel, grant me thy power—Weapon Works!"
Kamito created a dagger in each hand using spirit magic and kicked the ground to accelerate.
A separation of merely nine steps. However, it was far too great a distance when confronting well-trained knights.
(Eight steps, seven steps—)
Concentrating to his very limit, Kamito felt as though time in his surroundings had slowed down.
Judging from their movements, he could tell that these five were probably an elite team carefully selected from the knights.
They were much higher in standard than the people he had defeated earlier, even though they were all knights.
An arrow of light was shot again at Kamito while he closed in. He instantly threw his dagger, slightly deflecting the arrow's trajectory. Brushing past his face, the arrow then exploded behind him.
(Six steps, five steps, four steps—)
Knights who had swords and spears ready as their elemental waffen were right in front of him. In a direct clash, daggers made using spirit magic would surely shatter on contact.
One knight swung her sword.
The moment before the blades made contact, Kamito stopped advancing.
Unable to stop her momentum in time, the knight's sword smashed into the ground. The blade's front tip flew past the tip of Kamito's nose, shaving off a few strands of hair from his bangs.
(If it's this distance—)
Kamito extended his right hand towards the door.
He poured a great amount of divine power into the spirit seal while chanting the words for releasing his contracted spirit.
"—Dispassionate Queen of Steel, the sacred sword that destroys evil!
—Now form a sword of steel and be the power in my hand!"
The spirit seal erupted with intense lightning, turning his view white.
The feeling of connecting to Est was unmistakable.
"—W-What!?"
The knight in front of him groaned with shock in her eyes.
The Demon Slayer—Terminus Est—was the strongest sword spirit.
However, her contract with Kamito was incomplete, thus resulting in a limitation of physical distance in their link. Without Kamito to supply divine power, the Demon Slayer would be nothing more than a relatively sharper sword.
However, once they were connected—
(Destroying an isolation barrier of this level would be a piece of cake—)
The metal door, reinforced with protective magic, was instantly blown apart from inside.
What had destroyed the door were several bolts of jet-black lightning radiating out from a center.
"I-Impossible—!" "What, this ominous black lightning is—"
The knights near the door were struck by the raging black lightning, collapsing one after another.
The knights probably assumed from the Blade Dance tournament that Kamito's sword spirit was thoroughly a melee weapon. They thought that it could not show its power unless it was held in Kamito's hand.
(—This is the reason for your defeat.)
Currently, Est was not simply the Demon Slayer—
Rather, she was Terminus Est Zwei, the Demon King's Sword that had inherited Restia's power.
Kamito dashed amidst the erupting black lightning and gripped the hilt of Est who was inside the room.
"Thanks for waiting, Est—"
'Yes, Kamito.'
With the link fully restored, Est's voice sounded inside his mind.
Thus, Kamito drew out the Demon King's Sword whose blade had turned black.
Probably noticing the loud noise, a large number of footsteps were approaching from all around.
"Sorry, I'll need you to put on a show as soon as you wake up, Est—"
'Yes, Kamito. I am your sword, your wish is my command.'
"Hurry, the knights' reinforcements are arriving—"
"Yes, over here!"
While Kamito was playing hide-and-seek with the knights, Claire and company were running along a passage leading to an exit at ground level.
Along the way, they encountered a number of spirit knights, but with excellent coordination from silent understanding, Claire and Ellis defeated them successfully. They were already a match for the knights of Ordesia. Having survived battles against the elites of other nations and obtained victory at the Blade Dance, the two girls had improved their abilities dramatically.
"—By the way, security on this side seems to be quite weak."
"Yes, my hunch is that Kamito is occupying the majority of their forces."
Ellis nodded and replied while running in the lead.
Since Miss Freya's shadow spirit had vanished, Ellis had to summon a wind spirit to lead the way to the exit. The spirit had not mapped out the facility's entire layout, but simply by following the flow of wind, they should be able to reach the exit at ground level. However, this facility apparently had a number of exits, hence where they were going to end up would be a matter of luck—
"Darkness spirit, are you okay?"
"Huff, huff... I'm fine, yes..."
Restia tried her best to answer bravely, but the prolonged running seemed to be tough on her.
...Still, it was not like they could stop to rest. As soon as the Knights' reinforcements arrived, there would be no hope left.
"We'll be there soon. Hang in there."
"V-Very well..."
Passing through a passage for transporting cargo, they went up a flight of stairs leading to the ground surface.
—Ahead of the passage after reaching the top of the stairs, they could see a great door that looked like the exit.
There were two spirit knights in front of the door.
"That must be it—"
"Yes, it looks like the exit is completely sealed."
Wrapping herself in a gale, Ellis accelerated forward all at once.
"—Vicious wind, rampage!"
She swept Ray Hawk horizontally, instantly producing a haphazard dance of wind blades.
"...! Defend me—Rock spirit!"
A knight instantly reacted and summoned her contracted spirit.
A giant of rock appeared out from thin air and blocked the wind blades with its massive body.
"How naive—"
Claire summoned Flametongue and swung it back and forth endlessly. A raging dance of crimson slashes criss-crossed the passage. In the next instant, the rock giant's body shattered, disappearing into space.
A flame spirit was supposed to fare poorly against a rock spirit, but using skillful maneuvers of the whip, Claire had severed the rock spirit's joints in an instant. Next—
"O wind, I beseech thee to sweep away mine enemies—Wind Bombs!"
Ellis released an explosion of wind blades.
This was attack magic meant for releasing a storm over a wide area. Inside the narrow passage, it formed a compressed mass of wind, blowing the two knights ahead of them, smashing them against the door.
"Hah—!"
Ignoring the collapsed knights, Ellis released wind blades at the door.
However, the door's surface remained unscathed. It was no ordinary door, probably made of mithril, the same material used for the armor of military ships.
"...Tsk, looks like this will take time to break."
"Wait, I'll do it—"
Claire stepped forward and pressed her palm against the very center of the door.
"...What are you planning to do?"
Ellis looked surprised.
Claire closed her eyes and focused. Then she chanted.
"O true flame carved upon the ancient bloodline, dwell in my hand to devour flames—"
—Instantly, a fierce crimson flame appeared on Claire's palm.
"This being the flame that reduces all creation to oblivion—End of Vermilion!"
The crimson flames exploded, turning the mithril door deep red.
In the next instant, the door was scorched red-hot, melting easily.
"Claire, w-what on earth was that..."
"I guess you could call it a secret move... Guh..."
After replying to the surprised Ellis, Claire instantly fell on her knees.
"A-Are you alright?"
"...Huff, huff... It's too draining, this move..."
"All that is left for us to do is leave the base. Hang in there a bit longer."
Ellis supported Claire by the shoulder and walked out of the facility.
There was no moon outside. A completely dark night. Perfect weather for escaping.
"What good fortune, we will get to the Spirit Forest—"
"This farce has gone on long enough, Lady Ellis—"
"...!?"
A flash of light illuminated Claire and company while they were walking in the darkness.
The blinding light was forcing Claire to squint. After a while, she realized it was a military flash grenade created using spirit crystals.
The flash of light subsided. Claire opened her eyes wide again then gasped.
Dozens of guards and spirit knights had already surrounded them.
"...They guessed we would leave from the cargo entrance huh."
"Lady Ellis, please return quietly to the jail. Or else—"
The captain of the knights, Claudia, drew out a longsword, her elemental waffe.
"You will have to suffer even though you are Duke Fahrengart's granddaughter."
"Guh..."
Glaring at Claudia before her, Ellis bit her lip hard.
"...Looks like a fight cannot be avoided."
Holding Flametongue, Claire counted the numbers around them.
"Eight knights and twenty to thirty guards huh."
"Claire, the odds do not favor us—"
"...I know. But at least, we can stall for time."
While standing back to back with Ellis, Claire said softly.
"Right, as long as Kamito gets here in time, perhaps..."
"Fools—"
Claudia shook her head and spoke with disdain.
Raising her longsword, she ordered her subordinate knights.
"Catch them, even if it means harming Lady Ellis! I authorize it."
The knights deployed their elemental waffen at once.
"Very well, let us see how long we can endure..."
Ellis wiped sweat from her brow.
"Darkness spirit, stay there quietly and wait—"
Claire looked back but noticed something alarming.
"...Darkness spirit?"
Claire frowned in astonishment.
Despite such a tense situation, she was looking up into the sky instead.
Her dusk-colored eyes were wide open, her face frozen in a stunned expression.
(...What on earth is she looking at?)
Claire could not help but follow her gaze. Next—
"...What!?"
Seeing the object currently high in the sky, Claire was rendered speechless.
"W-What? That thing is!?"
"...Why did something like that appear!?"
Like Claire, the guards looking up at the sky also started to clamor.
Hovering right above the base was the streamlined form of a giant ship.
"A military flying vessel!?"
Claudia exclaimed in shock.
This implied that it was not a ship belonging to the Imperial Knights at least.
"The Academy Town has not issued any flight permits. Where is this ship registered!?"
"Not registered to Ordesia, that ship is—"
At that very moment, the bottom of the flying ship, motionless overhead, was slowly opened.
"...! Something is coming out!"
Claire yelled forcefully.
In the next instant, something extremely massive separated from the bottom of the ship and was launched over the base.
"Get down!"
Claudia yelled sharply. In the next instant...
BOOOOOOOOOM!
A frightening noise was heard while the ground shook violently.
"Guh—W-What!?" "What the hell!?"
Claire and others shielded their faces from the incoming sand and dust blown by the blast.
A cloud of dust rose all around them. Inside the shadow, a dazzling light was flashing.
Claire looked into the shadow and saw it.
Over there was—
(...What the heck!?)
—A "fortress" had descended upon the land.
Black multi-layered defensive armor. A brightly glowing reactor.
There were countless gunports of various calibers protruding from all over the body. What appeared to be the main cannon was aimed at Claudia, captain of the knights, and her subordinates.
Thud—Protected by heavy armor, the gigantic legs sank into the roof of the military base.
Confronted with the overwhelming and oppressive presence, everyone present stopped what they were doing.
"Madam Claudia, w-what on earth is that..."
One of the knights asked nervously.
"An 'elemental panzer'—the Juggernaut. Deployed in actual combat for the first time, its responsiveness has been adequate."
In contrast to the fortress' intimidating appearance, a pleasant and lucid voice was broadcast in the air.
The visor covering her eyes opened up. Glittering platinum blonde hair fluttered in the wind.
The face revealed from under the visor was—
All the knights gasped.
"I-Impossible... Why is she here—!?"
—No one did not recognize her. At the very least, they had heard of her exploits.
Previously dominating Areishia Spirit Academy with her overwhelming power, ruling the Sylphid Knights with an iron fist of terror.
Those who feared or hated her would call her "Silent Fortress."
Areishia Spirit Academy's strongest elementalist.
"—Velsaria Eva!"
Claudia exclaimed in shock.
"...Esteemed Sister!?"
Ellis' dark-brown eyes widened greatly with disbelief on her face.
"W-Why are you here—"
Claudia's voice trembled.
Shining with harsh light, the ice-blue eyes looked down coldly at Claudia.
"—To return to the battlefield. To uphold the conviction of my chivalry."
"...What?"
Claudia gritted her teeth and yelled at her subordinates.
"She is a traitor. Arrest her!"
"B-But..."
"No need to fear that thing. It's just a bluff!"
"—Affirmative!"
Under Claudia's shouted orders, the knights instantly responded. They prepared to fight despite the fortress' gigantic and intimidating appearance.
"Esteemed Sister!"
Wielding Ray Hawk, Ellis was about to rush over but Claire hastily pulled her back.
"W-What are you doing!?"
"Idiot, you'll get caught in the barrage if you go over there!"
The knights surrounded Velsaria and charged.
At the same time, the fortress' reactor released a flash of blinding light while every gunport on the body activated.
"—! Get down!"
Claire yelled.
In the next instant, the countless cannons all fired.
A deafening roar of explosions. The ground was blasted open deeply. Buildings belonging to the base were wrecked in an instant. The wind from the explosions knocked over knights and surrounding trees. The night sky instantly turned white.
"Kyah!"
Restia screamed. Claire shielded her from the flying debris.
—The barrage stopped.
Claire slowly opened her eyes.
The artillery strike, fired in all directions, had reduced the base to scorched earth in a matter of seconds.
"What..."
Witnessing the astounding destructive power, even Claudia could not find any words to speak.
However, the accuracy of the barrage was even more terrifying than its destructive power. Despite such a wide area attack, unbelievably, none of the small fry guards had taken a direct hit.
"What, that power is..."
Claudia collapsed on her knees in shock.
"You were supposed to have lost the power of the spirit contract due to using a cursed seal armament."
"Yes, I had indeed lost the power of the spirit contract on account of my own foolishness."
Velsaria landed on the ground with a thud.
"Perhaps this could be considered a taboo power too—"
"A taboo power... Come again?"
"Claudia, order your subordinates to withdraw. I do not wish for unnecessary sacrifices."
Velsaria spoke calmly.
"...! W-What are you fools doing? Surround the traitor!"
Hearing that, Claudia felt a rush of anger and yelled.
However, no one moved. Half of the knights had been struck down by the earlier barrage. Those who had fortunately withstood the attack did not dare to fight again after witnessing the overwhelming firepower.
"Damn it...!"
At that very moment...
"—Are you all okay!?"
A voice came from across the darkness of the night.
Kamito. Holding the Demon Slayer, glowing silver-white in his hand, he rushed over.
"Kamito, you're okay."
"Sorry for making you wait. Hold on, what's going on here?"
Seeing the scorched earth and all the collapsed knights, Kamito asked in puzzlement.
Velsaria cast her gaze upon Kamito and said:
"Oh? I intended to assault the base but if you have escaped, that saves me the effort."
She murmured and closed her eyes.
—Instantly, the fortress vanished into thin air as particles of light.
Landing on the ground was the beautiful female knight, dressed in the Academy's uniform.
"...Velsaria! Why are you here—"
Kamito showed an expression of surprise.
He looked back at Claire and Ellis but they both shook their heads.
"There is no time to talk here. We must board immediately—"
"...Huh?"
Following Velsaria's gaze, Kamito looked up.
The flying ship above was slowly landing on the base.
The Academy Town blared with a noisy siren while the base also shot a flare. Soon, the Imperial Knights' reinforcements would arrive in a hurry.
"...Looks like there is only one choice."

Once the gangway ladder was lowered from the side of the ship, Kamito and company boarded the flying vessel.
As soon as all of them had boarded, the ship began to shake greatly.
Thrust was provided by the spirit engine, allowing the ship to float up again.
"...So amazing... A ship that can fly."
Looking down from the railing, Restia exclaimed in amazement.
From her current perspective, it must feel like the first time whether seeing a flying ship or traveling on one.
"This is a military flying vessel, right? Its layout is completely different from a royal sightseeing ship."
"You've been on a royal ship before, Claire?"
"...In the past, once. Back when we still had the Elstein territory."
"The ship is very similar to the Gigas-class mid-sized combat craft."
Ellis murmured with her chin resting on her hand.
As expected of the one and only noble family authorized to own flying ships, she was very knowledgeable.
"Gigas-class?"
"Yes, it is a relic from the Ranbal War. The Ordesian army used to be equipped with them, but I heard that later on, the ships ended up either scrapped or sold to the Theocracy."
"Look, a flying militarized spirit is coming out of the Academy Town!"
Claire looked down and shouted.
Kamito took a look and saw a two-headed stone monster with gigantic wings—a Gargoyle-model militarized spirit was rising from the base.
"It looks like Claudia sent it."
"Wait, if we fly so slowly, it will soon catch up to us!"
"Please rest assured. Given this ship's specs, it cannot shake off a Gargoyle no matter what."
"That doesn't reassure me at all—Kyah!?"

Suddenly, the ship rocked violently, subjecting them to intense g-forces. Kamito could withstand it, but the other three girls lost their balance and fell over all at once.
"...Owah!"
Thus, he got entangled and fell along with them.
"Huahhh, Kamito, where do you think you're touching!?"
"I-Indecent, Kamito—"
"Uh, s-sorry..."
Holding three girls in his arms, Kamito's face and arms were making intimate contact with various soft parts of their feminine bodies. Kamito hastily stood up and grabbed a nearby railing.
"...S-Sheesh, w-what a jerk..."
While straightening her skirt, Claire grumbled with her face all red.
"It couldn't be helped... But what was up with that acceleration just now—"
The wind whizzed past as clouds were left behind one after another. Whether the Gargoyle chasing after their flying ship or the night scenery of the Academy Town, everything had been left in the dust within the blink of an eye, gradually receding out of sight.
"No way... This is an ancient craft dating back to the Ranbal War. How could it possibly fly this fast?"
Ellis murmured. At that moment...
"—Thank you for your patience, everyone."
"...Huh?"
The sudden voice caused Kamito's group to exchange looks with one another.
Kamito looked behind him to see a girl standing on a staircase leading to the ship's interior, gazing down in their direction.
She looked fourteen or fifteen in age. Her black hair was cropped at shoulder length. She was wearing a military-style jacket and short culottes. Her attire emphasized practicality and was devoid of useless decorations.
"...Who is it?"
Warily, Ellis asked in a forceful tone.
However, the girl remained unfazed and bowed her head.
"—I have come to lead the way at my master's behest. This way please."
In a cold voice, lacking in emotion, she answered.
Kamito and company followed the girl through a narrow passage inside the ship. Probably having shaken off the militarized spirit from their trail and entered a stable course, the ship did not feel like it was shaking as much as earlier. However, the sound of spirit mechanisms in operation grew louder the deeper they went.
After a while—
"...Say, can I ask a question?"
Kamito asked the girl who was walking in the lead.
"Please go ahead, as long as it is answerable."
"Uh, who is that master you speak of? Why were we brought on this ship?"
"Please ask the master directly."
The girl answered coldly without looking back.
"...Fine. A different question... Who are you?"
"I am master's subordinate. Just a tool, pure and simple, nothing more and nothing less."
(...A tool huh.)
Hearing that answer, Kamito became certain of the girl's origin.
The cold expression, lacking in emotion. A special gait with no sound of footfall. Movements resembling a wild beast's that he could catch faint glimpses everywhere.
In addition, she had completely erased her presence when showing up just now.
(...More than likely, she's from that facility.)
—Speaking of which, then that was a clue to her master's true identity.
"Where did this military ship come from?"
Kamito continued to ask. He wanted to gather as much information as possible before meeting the master.
"This ship, the Revenant, was purchased by master from Murders' top echelons."
"So Revenant is its name huh."
"But it appears to have gone through a lot of modifications—"
This time, Claire entered the conversation.
"Master hired an Elfim technician to remodel the ship. Although the exterior is of an old design, the spirit mechanisms providing thrust are based on applications of cutting-edge spirit engineering."
"Spirit engineering... Don't tell me that Velsaria's 'fortress' is the same?"
Ellis was suddenly reminded by Claire's comment.
"O-Oh right, where did my esteemed sister go? I have not seen any signs of her—"
"...Esteemed sister?"
"The one who was taken into a container under the ship earlier—"
Only then did the girl nod in comprehension and reply:
"Lady Velsaria should be undergoing maintenance in the medical bay. You will not be able to meet her yet."
"Maintenance? ...What is that about?"
"Operating an elemental panzer will cause a great deal of strain on the user's body. Activity duration is meant to be restricted to one minute only—The sortie just now had already exceeded the time limit."
"W-What!? What on earth is my esteemed sister doing here!?"
Hearing that, Ellis questioned the girl.
However, the girl ignored Ellis' question and stopped in front of a certain room along the passage.
"Please wait here for a moment. I shall report to the master."
After opening the door and inviting Kamito and company to enter, she returned to the passage.
Kamito and the others examined the interior of the room.
It was a relatively large hall for a room in a military vessel. Inside was a long oval table and six leather chairs. There was nothing else apart from this furniture.
It looked like a military conference room, completely tilted towards practicality.
"...It feels like it's impossible to relax in this room."
Kamito leaned the Demon Slayer against the wall and found a chair to sit down without bothering with manners.
"Kamito, you should probably act less casual. There might be a trap."
"They wouldn't have brought us all the way here if a trap was intended."
"...I suppose you have a point."
Kamito's gaze fell upon the table at this time.
Spread on it was a map of the continent with the Ordesia Empire at the center. The blank parts of the map were crammed full of writing resembling notes, but Kamito could not understand all the military jargon.
...However, there was one thing that bothered him.
One point on the map was marked with a red pin.
The place indicated by the pin was the sacred city of Alexandria, the capital of the Holy Kingdom of Lugia, Ordesia's neighbor.
What did that mean? Just as Kamito was thinking about it...
"But who on earth could it be, this master?"
Ellis murmured to herself.
"...I have a pretty good guess."
"Yes, me too—"
Hearing Kamito's comment, Claire nodded with a face of mixed feelings.
"What?"
"The one who'd do this—"
At that very moment, the door handle was heard turning and the door opened.
Clack—The hard sound of military boots striking the floor—
That person appeared.
"—I knew it. You huh?"
Kamito muttered and glared at her, standing at the door.
Eyes of ruby, inhabited by strong determination. Long crimson hair that resembled blazing flames. Wearing a white overcoat on top of her military uniform, she looked like a general in command of an army.
(...Nothing less expected of her. Despite losing her contracted spirit, she remains just as intimidating and ambitious.)
Kamito secretly gasped.
"Y-You are..."
Ellis' eyes widened.
"Nee-sama..."
Claire bit her lip hard.
Claire probably guessed it would come to this. However, she still reacted with speechlessness, frozen in shock when this person appeared before her for real.
"—Everyone, welcome to my ship."
Finally, she spoke.
It was the Calamity Queen who had disappeared during the final round of the Blade Dance—Rubia Elstein.
Kamito and company were seated in a row across the table from Rubia.
The girl who had led the way earlier prepared bread and tea on the table.
Although Kamito and company were hungry, they had no intention of touching the refreshments. Only Restia thanked the girl, took some bread and started to eat.
From the corner of his eye, Kamito observed the girls sitting by his side.
Confronted with the Calamity Queen, Ellis seemed especially nervous.
...Speaking of which, this was probably Ellis' first time meeting her directly.
As for Claire, she kept her face down the whole time and did not sit face to face from her sister. According to Rinslet, Claire was originally a timid and shy girl, apparently. During the Blade Dance tournament, she could still maintain her forceful attitude due to pressure from circumstances, but once she encountered her sister sitting down in this kind of quiet setting, she seemed to return to her old self.
Under the tense atmosphere hanging in this room, Rubia drank tea nonchalantly. Her graceful airs made Kamito think that she truly lived up to her name as a former duke's daughter.
The girl bowed after bringing the tea, then left the room.
"Is that girl just now an orphan from the Instructional School like me?"
Finally, Kamito started the conversation with this question.
Rubia slowly lowered her cup of tea back to the table.
"—Indeed. She is one of the orphans I had taken in to join my forces."
"...So it's just as I thought."
The girl was giving off vibes like those who had been raised in the Instructional School. This attitude of eschewing all unnecessary emotions, regarding oneself as a tool, was very similar to Kamito's before he encountered Restia.
"Is she the only one on this ship?"
"Yes. I originally had as many as thirty of them as my subordinates, but the vast majority were taken by Sjora Kahn. They have currently become dogs of the Theocracy."
While she whispered, subtle turbulence in emotions seemed to be visible in her eyes.
"What about Muir and Lily? They're not here together?"
"I have sent them to a certain location to carry out an important mission."
"A certain location?"
"We are severely lacking in combat strength, in both the number of militarized spirits and elementalists to use them. Those are precisely what they are procuring."
At this point, Rubia paused.
"—For the sake of the imminent war."
"War?"
Kamito asked in return.
"What the heck are you planning? You even acquired this kind of ship!"
His tone of voice got worked up as he questioned Rubia before him.
Previously, Rubia had awakened the power of the Darkness Elemental Lord dormant inside Kamito, intending to use him to destroy the Elemental Lords.
She had collected militarized spirits in the past in preparation for chaos in the human realm after the elimination of the Elemental Lords.
However, the plan to assassinate the Elemental Lords had failed.
Had her solitary fight not ended yet?
"...Nee-sama, don't tell me you still plan on killing the Elemental Lords?"
Silent until now, Claire finally mustered the courage to speak for the first time.
Rubia glanced at her and shook her head slowly.
"I am unable to exterminate the Elemental Lords. It is not possible no matter how powerful an army you raise. The only one capable of eliminating them is the Demon Lord wielding the powers of the Darkness Elemental Lord—"
Saying that, she looked at Kamito. Enduring her gaze, Kamito glared back at her without backing down.
"War... So what exactly are you going to be at war against, Nee-sama?"
Claire continued without faltering.
Hearing that, Rubia raised a finger and pointed at a location on the map.
It was precisely where the red pin's spot.
"...Eh?"
"At present, my opponent is the Holy Kingdom of Lugia—"
"...The Holy Kingdom for real?"
Kamito frowned at the unexpected answer.
The Holy Kingdom of Lugia was a land-locked country that worshiped one of the five Elemental Lords, Alexandros the Holy Lord. Despite its name as a kingdom, actual administrative power was held by neither the king nor the parliament but Des Esseintes, whose members were all cardinals.
Despite being a major nation that rivaled Ordesia and Quina, little was known about the Holy Kingdom, much like the Alphas Theocracy.
(...Quite a suspicious country indeed.)
What surfaced in Kamito's mind was the appearance of the Sacred Spirit Knights in the Laurenfrost forest. The captain of the knights, Luminaris, had somehow found out about Restia's rebirth and intended to capture her.
However, why did Rubia suddenly mention the Holy Kingdom's name?
"—I suppose I ought to start in sequence."
Presumably realizing Kamito's queries, Rubia withdrew the red pin from the map.
"First of all, where do you think the Elemental Lord, which you had liberated, vanished off to?"
"...Huh?"
The sudden question confused Kamito.
No, the literal meaning was easy enough to understand.
On that day, after gaining the privilege to have an audience with the Elemental Lords through their victory in the Blade Dance, Kamito and company had liberated the Fire Elemental Lord from the Otherworldly Darkness—This was probably what Rubia was referring to.
"The Fire Elemental Lord should have vanished from the throne. Teleported somewhere in Astral Zero or the human realm like the Water Elemental Lord you liberated in the past—"
Indeed, Water Elemental Lord Iseria Seaward had been transported in an amnesiac state to the abandoned city of Megidoa situated in Astral Zero. In that case, the Fire Elemental Lord must have been teleported somewhere in that instant, but—
"Who knows. All I did was purify that Otherworldly Darkness. As for where the liberated Fire Elemental Lord went, I've no idea."
Kamito shook his head.
"Guess what? That Fire Elemental Lord's location..."
Saying that, Rubia's lips curled in self-mockery.
"...Indeed, this must be so-called karma. The link as a Queen."
She revealed the emblem of a fiery crown, branded on her right hand. Rather than Laevateinn's, this seal belonged to the Fire Elemental Lord whom she used to serve.
"How!? The Fire Elemental Lord's seal should've been inherited by Reicha—"
"Indeed, the Elemental Lord's spirit seal should have been inherited by Reicha Alminas who had succeeded me as Queen. However, the spirit seal bestowed upon me did not disappear in bizarre turn of events, be it a curse or a blessing. This is presumably an abnormal situation stemming from the Otherworldly Darkness eating away at the Elemental Lord."
Responding to Claire's surprise. Rubia continued.
"Ever since becoming the Calamity Queen, I have attempted many times to erase this seal. However, neither cutting with a knife nor burning with fire has worked. Every time, this seal would reappear like a curse, tormenting me. Ironically, this seal, which I have resented overwhelmingly in the past, has now told me the location of the reborn Fire Elemental Lord—"
Rubia's gaze fell upon the map again.
"Where the Fire Elemental Lord was reborn, happens to be—"
"No way—!"
"Indeed, the capital of the Holy Kingdom of Lugia—Alexandria."
Kamito fell silent.
The Fire Elemental Lord had been reborn in the human realm, and the Holy Kingdom's capital to boot—
What did that imply? Simply imagining it made one speechless.
Suppose the Fire Elemental Lord had been transported in a state of amnesia just like Iseria and someone, knowing of this fact, attempted to claim that power for their own use—
(...It would be equivalent to obtaining an ultimate weapon far surpassing the power of strategic-class militarized spirits.)
Imagining the worst-case scenario, Kamito broke out with cold sweat on his forehead. Yes, supposing someone malevolent got their hands on the Fire Elemental Lord's power, it would be possible to engineer a destructive calamity even greater than what had befallen Elstein territory four years ago.
"So you tracked down the Fire Elemental Lord—?"
"Of course. Muir Alenstarl and I infiltrated the Holy Kingdom together. However, a few days after we entered Alexandria, the spirit seal's response was suddenly cut off."
"...What happened?"
"It implies that someone has secured the Fire Elemental Lord—"
Claire spoke quietly in a nervous voice.
"Once locked in an isolation barrier, the contracted spirit's link will be cut off."
"Indeed. And the erection of an isolation barrier is evidence that someone has hidden the Fire Elemental Lord on purpose. Needless to say, the barrier is so strong that it can even seal away the incomplete Fire Elemental Lord. There is no doubt that a state-level agency is involved—"
"In other words, Des Esseintes has obtained the Fire Elemental Lord?"
"I fear so. Regardless, I have lost the trail. My current power is still insufficient to oppose the Holy Kingdom's upper echelon."
"But assuming that's the case, how did the Holy Kingdom know about the Fire Elemental Lord's location?"
Putting aside Rubia, who was the former Queen, other people were not supposed to know, right?
No wait, before talking about location, how would they even know about the liberation of the Elemental Lord in the first place?
The existence of the Otherworldly Darkness corrupting the Elemental Lords should only be known to Rubia and Kamito's party.
"I am not sure of that either. Did they come to know of it by chance, or was the teleportation of the Fire Elemental Lord to the Holy Kingdom something deliberately engineered by someone—?"
"Speaking of which, they also seemed like they knew about Restia..."
Kamito suddenly looked at Restia, who responded by looking back at Kamito with a puzzled expression.
"But what is the Holy Kingdom planning to do after they obtained the Fire Elemental Lord?"
"Monopolizing the power of fire on the continent? Well, that is merely a hypothesis."
Hearing Claire's suggestion, Ellis cocked her head. Indeed, if any single country could control the Fire Elemental Lord to do their bidding, they would surely wield overwhelming influence over the surrounding countries. Needless to say, it would be even more true for the Holy Kingdom of Lugia, a major nation.
"—It would be a relief if that was only as far as they will go."
"What do you mean?"
Kamito asked.
"You must have seen that Otherworldly Darkness corrupting the Elemental Lords, haven't you?"
She suddenly asked.
"Yeah..."
Kamito nodded. With complicated looks on their faces, probably from recalling what they had witnessed at the Elemental Lords' shrine that day, Claire and Ellis nodded.
True darkness that even devoured the mortal realm's darkness. Also—
(That army of countless angels, restless in the depths of the darkness...)
However, the Fire Elemental Lord should have been freed from that darkness.
However, what Rubia said next was even more unbelievable.
"—The Holy Kingdom has obtained that Otherworldly Darkness."
"...!?"
Kamito and company were rendered speechless.
"What did you say? ...What the hell is going on?"
"You know about the coup d'etat at the Theocracy several days prior, don't you?"
"Y-Yeah..."
Kamito nodded vaguely.
Reportedly, the Theocracy's witch, Sjora Kahn, had taken over the palace of Scorpia using merely two hundred troops, beheading Hierarch Rajihal Kahn to institute a regime change. That news had shaken all the surrounding countries, thus leading to an All Nations Conference being held at the imperial capital.
"The heart of the Theocracy, Scorpia, should be garrisoned with a large number of spirits. Do you not find it odd why it had been taken over so quickly?"
"..."
Indeed, Sjora Kahn was a terrifying elementalist but it was hard to imagine her single-handedly defeating all the elites at the palace. Even if all of her subordinates were elementalists, it would be no easy task.
Seeing Kamito silent, Rubia continued.
"According to my spies at Scorpia, the palace's spirits all went insane when possessed by horrifying darkness."
"...! No way—"
Kamito's team recalled something and instantly exchanged looks with one another.
"—Indeed. The same existence likely caused the spirits at Areishia Spirit Academy to go berserk as well."
The militarized spirits attacking the Academy were definitely corrupted by the Otherworldly Darkness.
"Des Esseintes was controlling the Theocracy's coup d'etat from the shadows. Do you have any recollection of the name Millennia Sanctus?"
"Millennia Sanctus..."
Claire remembered.
"That girl with the eyepatch... Riding a berserk militarized spirit..."
It was the girl with Otherworldly Darkness residing in her left eye.
That was the name of the mysterious girl who had conspired with Lurie Lizaldia to attack the Academy.
"She is a cardinal of Des Esseintes, right?"
"Indeed, she is a member of Des Esseintes who leads underground diplomacy without ever working out in the open. She has obtained that Otherworldly Darkness—"
Rubia's eyes of ruby burned with crimson flames.
To her, that Otherworldly Darkness was a mortal enemy that must be obliterated.
"Supposing the Fire Elemental Lord falls into her hands—"
"—Indeed, it will be hell on earth."
Rubia's voice was filled with intense determination.
The image in her mind was probably her homeland, devastated by the insane Elemental Lord in the past.
(—So is this what she meant by preparations for war?)
She seemed to be seriously planning for war against the Holy Kingdom.
"...In other words, you rescued us to recruit us as part of your forces?"
"Precisely. Work under me, Kazehaya Kamito."
"What if I refuse?"
"That option is not open to you."
Saying that, Rubia placed a pin on the map.
The pinned location was Ostdakia, the capital of the Ordesia Empire.
"What do you mean?"
"The Holy Kingdom masterminded the attempted assassination on the emperor on this occasion."
"...What!?"
Kamito, Claire and Ellis all yelled in surprise.
"The main conspirator in the assassination incident was most likely Fianna's elder brother, Arneus Ray Ordesia. A puny man driven by ambition. However, it is undoubtedly the Holy Kingdom backing him. They presumably intend to make Arneus their puppet."
"...I knew it. Fianna was framed."
"Indeed, she was exploited to purge the anti-Arneus faction."
Rubia nodded then looked at Kamito squarely.
"You will hurry to the imperial capital and rescue Fianna Ray Ordesia, yes?"
Hearing Rubia—
"In other words, we want to rescue Fianna and you want to crush the Holy Kingdom, so our goals are the same?"
"Correct. Our interests are aligned."
Kamito muttered in his mind—
(...This suggestion isn't bad, actually.)
Despite his reluctance to be controlled by Rubia, there was no reason to refuse. Frankly speaking, they had simply escaped from the military base for now. He had absolutely no idea how to rescue Fianna.
He looked at Claire and Ellis, who both nodded.
—Then it was decided.
"Understood. Then I guess we'll work under you for a while, Rubia Elstein."
"—The contract is established."
Rubia declared concisely, stood up and left the room.
"There is still time before we reach the imperial capital. Take a break until then."
—Kamito, Claire and Ellis breathed a sigh of relief after Rubia exited the room.
"...It feels so exhausting."
"Yeah, after all, her presence is so forceful."
Kamito concurred with Ellis' quiet complaint.
"But the Otherworldly Darkness..."
"The Holy Kingdom has acquired the Otherworldly Darkness while the Fire Elemental Lord has gone missing at Alexandria—"
"Honestly, this is totally ominous..."
—At that moment, the earlier girl returned to the room.
"A room for napping has been prepared accordingly. Please get some rest."
"Sure, thanks."
"But I would like to see my esteemed sister—"
"In that case, please follow me."
The girl nodded after listening to Ellis.
"Claire, don't you need to have a chat with Rubia?"
"...Huh? H-Hmm..."
Kamito's question brought a complicated expression to Claire's face as she responded ambiguously.
"...I-I suppose... But... what should we talk about, I've no idea."
(...Well, I guess she's right.)
Understanding Claire's feelings vaguely, Kamito chose to remain silent.
After experiencing such a long separation, the huge gulf between them could not be bridged so easily.
—Who knew how much time had passed since then?
She had lost track of time completely. In this room isolated from light and sound, only the fatigue and pain coming from her entire body gave her a concrete sense of being alive.
On the first day, she was suspended from the ceiling the whole time. However, only after a guard noticed Fianna was becoming too weak was she lowered down to the ground.
This was not because the guard pitied Fianna. It was simply because Arneus had given orders not to let her die yet.
With her arms and legs still tightly bound by chains, there was nothing she could do.
—At this moment, she heard faint footsteps outside the door.
The faint light coming from the ajar door made Fianna open her eyes.
Entering timidly was a young princess maiden in training.
Bringing a tray carrying water and bread, she gently placed it on the ground within Fianna's reach.
Previously, she had stubbornly ignored Fianna no matter what was said to her. More than likely, she had been ordered to act this way.
—But this time was different. The young girl spoke for the first time.
"Second Princess, your execution date has been decided—"
The girl reported timidly.
"Three days from now, the ceremony for the ascension of Arneus to the imperial throne will be held. The Second Princess' execution will take place after the ceremony."
"...Is that so? Thank you."
Fianna answered weakly and the girl bowed, leaving the room in a hurry."
"...I... will be executed huh?"
She murmured to herself as though ruminating over something that felt completely surreal.
Her initially defiant willpower had been eroded away entirely by now.
Her consciousness kept growing cloudy. Even thinking was very hard.
(...Kamito-kun, I want to see you one last time. Also Claire and the others too—)
In a daze, dragging the chains on her arms, she tore off a piece of bread. This bread was hard and black unlike what was served in the palace. It was impossible to swallow until one dipped it in water until it softened.
Just as she had soaked the piece of bread, brought it to her mouth and about to bite down...
Her teeth touched something hard.
Frowning, Fianna spat it out.
It fell on the ground with a clatter. A pea-sized piece of stone.
No, upon closer examination, she discovered it was no ordinary stone. Transparent, it was glowing faintly.
(...Could this be a spirit crystal?)
Spirit crystals were extremely expensive minerals and could not possibly have gotten mixed into bread by coincidence.
(Why is it here...?)
Focusing her hazy consciousness, she came to a sudden realization.
—Undoubtedly, someone had mixed it in deliberately.
The instant she realized that, Fianna recovered full consciousness.
She picked up the spirit crystal from the ground and poured divine power into it through her fingers.
Despite the interrupted link to Astral Zero, a high-level princess maiden like Fianna would still be able to refine a small amount of divine power from her own body.
Immediately, the spirit crystal's light grew stronger—
"...Princess... Your Highness... Can you hear me...?"
An extremely faint voice, accompanied by static, reached Fianna's ear.
A voice of no previous recollection. The sound quality was also poor, plus the fact of the spirit crystal's small size to begin with, it meant that was impossible to identify unless it was a familiar voice.
"...Who is it?"
Fianna asked softly. Of course, this could be a trap laid by Arneus, but she had nothing to lose under the current circumstances.
"...Someone asked me to rescue you... I am your ally."
(...Someone?)
Fianna repeated in her mind.
It was unclear who the voice belonged to. But if there really was someone like that—
Several faces surfaced in Fianna's mind.
First she thought of her friends in Kamito, Claire and the girls, but the Academy would be too far away from here. It was possible that they might not even know about her current imprisoned status.
The nobles in the anti-Arneus faction were supposed to be all arrested. Duke Fahrengart's family kept political neutrality despite not being part of the Arneus faction, so they probably would not make a move.
Fianna's father, the emperor, had not a shred of familial affection for her. Besides, he was currently suffering from the demon spirit's miasma, confined to bed.
The imperial consort was ruled out too. Adhering strictly to the Divine Ritual Institute's precepts, she kept herself thoroughly uninvolved in politics. And First Princess Linnea had not only severed her ties to the mundane world but also despised Fianna who had formerly lost the power of the spirit contract.
The aforementioned people would most likely not extend a helping hand to Fianna.
In that case, the remaining candidate was—
(The headmistress...?)
She was the only one Fianna could think of.
Greyworth had subordinates originating from Umbra. The day the incident happened, she even said she had gained an excellent pawn. Although Greyworth herself was imprisoned too as a result of the incident, it was not impossible for the witch to exert her influence while in jail.
Supposing this person belonged to Umbra, it would be only natural to keep his or her identity hidden.
"...Rescue me, how?"
The temple was under heavy guard. Even a special operative knight of Umbra would face quite a challenge to mount a rescue.
"...Biding my time. When the time comes, you will be saved."
"Time? But I will be executed three days later."
"Yes, before that, Your Highness' companions would've arrived to save you."
"...Huh?"
Fianna was taken aback.
"What do you mean?"
"It happened yesterday. Kazehaya Kamito and his friends were arrested at the Academy Town."
"Kamito-kun and the others!?"
Fianna widened her eyes.
"They were charged with conspiring with the Second Princess—possibly participating indirectly in the attempted assassination of the emperor. After all, they were your teammates."
"No way—"
"Please rest assured. They have apparently succeeded in breaking out of prison. After that, they flew away on an unregistered ship. Undoubtedly, they will be rescuing you within the next three days."
"...Impossible. They will be captured by the Imperial Knights once they come here!"
Fianna could not help but raise her voice.
Infiltrating the imperial capital to rescue Fianna would be too dangerous.
Also, there were the Numbers here.
"Besides, how do they intend to infiltrate the imperial capital?"
"That is why I will take action. To receive... them..."
"...?"
Static appeared in the voice.
The spirit crystal's glow gradually weakened. Finally, the voice could no longer be heard.
It was such a small spirit crystal after all. The spirit's power had probably depleted.
To avoid leaving evidence behind, Fianna crushed the spirit crystal and swallowed it.
"Kamito-kun..."
Kamito-kun is coming to save me—This possibility was giving her a final shred of hope.
—In that case, I mustn't waste time here.
(...Right, I have no wish to become some sort of tragic princess.)
Suddenly recalling something, Fianna bit her lip.
Then she dipped her finger in the resultant bleeding.

Parting ways with Kamito and Claire at the nap room, Ellis was taken to the medical bay where Velsaria was at.
"Over here—"
The instant the girl opened the door, Ellis was greeted with a shocking sight.
"...! E-Esteemed sister!"
Ellis was rooted to the spot in shock.
A gigantic coffin-like device was sitting in the center of the medical bay, giving off strange and grating noises. Glowing faintly, the coffin was connected to a number of cables.
—And inside was Velsaria.
Of course, she had not donned that elemental waffe that resembled a "fortress." Covering her naked body, beautiful as a sculpture, was a sheer gown.
Faintly illuminated by spirit crystals, she was in deep slumber.
"What... on earth is this..."
Ellis murmured in shock.
"This is restorative equipment custom made for her using healing spirit crystals. Due to operating beyond the activity duration limit, an according price needs to be paid."
The girl who originated from the Instructional School replied expressionlessly.
"...Price?"
While saying that, Ellis approached the healing machine where Velsaria was sleeping within.
"What on earth is up with that elemental waffe!? Besides, my esteemed sister should have lost the power of the spirit contract due to the side effects of her cursed seal armament going berserk—"
"—That was no elemental waffe. Instead, it is an experimental 'elemental panzer.'"
"...!"
Hearing a familiar voice, Ellis instantly raised her guard.
She looked back to see a tall woman standing by the door, exhaling smoke from a pipe.
Red eyes, almost bewitching, paired with beautiful emerald hair.
Her long and pointy ears were precisely the trait of the Elfim race, the Forest Dwellers.
"...! Vivian Melosa!"
Ellis' body took action in reflex.
She accelerated and closed in instantly, grabbing the woman by her lab coat's collar.
"What is a Murders merchant doing here—!?"
The woman was the perpetrator who had carved a cursed armament seal on Velsaria's heart.
She was an unforgivable enemy from Ellis' perspective.
"You should have been thrown into the Balsas Prison—"
"Indeed, together with your sister."
"...C-Curse you—"
Ellis applied more force.
"Good to see you too. I am the one performing maintenance for her."
"...What did you say?"
"After all, this elemental panzer is something I remodeled. I am in charge of your sister's treatment and the only one deeply knowledgeable about her condition."
"What kind of joke is this—"
"...Ellis, she is speaking... the truth..."
—At this moment, Ellis heard a pained voice from behind.
"Esteemed sister...!"
The healing machine's glass cover opened slowly and Velsaria came out.
Stumbling to stand up, she glanced sharply at Vivian.
"Leave me, witch—"
"...Very well. However, I need to analyze the combat data later on."
Vivian shrugged. After glancing at Ellis who was still glaring at her, she left the room.
The Instructional School girl who had led the way also bowed to take her leave and disappeared silently.
Velsaria turned to face Ellis.
"...It has been a while, Ellis."
She began to speak while coughing.
"Why...? Why are you on this ship—"
Ellis frantically rushed forward to support her foster sister whose unsteady body looked like it would fall any moment.
"Also, what is this device? Why is a Murders merchant here?"
"I was sought out by Rubia Elstein to join her League of Inferno. The same goes for the Murders witch. Ideology and conviction are irrelevant here. Those with ability were simply recruited to join under her banner, that is all—"
"...League of Inferno."
Ellis repeated the name.
"In that case, you know of that darkness—"
"Yes, I have heard everything from the Calamity Queen. Stemming from such grounds, I have decided to return to the battlefield, devoting myself to combat in order to exterminate the Otherworldly Darkness invading the human realm."
"..."
Ellis felt intimidated by her strong gaze. Those eyes looked the same as when Velsaria was leading the Sylphid Knights, crushing everything with absolute power.
"B-But you should have lost the power of the spirit contract—"
"...Indeed. Just as the witch said, strictly speaking, what you witnessed was not an elemental waffe."
"I remember it being referred to as an 'elemental panzer'—"
"Indeed, an experimental model acquired by the Calamity Queen from the Theocracy, then remodeled by that woman's hand. It would be better described as turning a militarized spirit into an elemental waffe, perhaps? The latest in enchanted equipment, using Bloodstone for the reactor with a fortress spirit's power sealed within—It operates by absorbing divine power limitlessly, along the same principles as that Instructional School girl's Jester's Vise—"
"...!"
Indeed, Velsaria had lost the power to contract with spirits. However, her abundant divine power remained intact. Using the power of spirit engineering, a simulated elemental waffe could be created, allowing her to regain an elementalist's power.
"...B-But by using that kind of equipment, your body will...!"
"It is a body that was lying at death's door once. Already eroded by a curse armament seal, suppose this body could eliminate the Darkness invading the empire... Cough...!"
"Esteemed sister—"
"...Worry not... I, cough, am a knight of the Fahrengart."
"..."
Hearing those words, Ellis was rendered speechless.
Velsaria's determination could not be stopped by anyone.
As her younger sister, Ellis knew this better than anyone.
She was a knight of Ordesia, more noble and high-minded than anyone.
Just as Ellis fell silent—
"..Ellis, I heard you emerged triumphant at the Blade Dance."
Velsaria changed the subject and spoke calmly.
"Yes. Thanks to Kamito and the comrades who fought alongside me, I have become stronger."
"...Comrades huh?"
She spoke in self-deprecation.
"I too, if only I had realized that sooner..."
Instantly, Velsaria's gaze began to wander afar—
"Speaking of which, I have a question for you—"
She spoke as though it had suddenly occurred to her.
"What is it?"
"You and Ren—no, Kazehaya Kamito—have you done it already?"
"...E-Esteemed sister!?"
Ellis yelled with her face bright red.
It was almost impossible to imagine such words coming from Velsaria's mouth.
"W-What do you mean... by having 'done it'!?"
"U-Umm, well..."
Hearing that, Velsaria's face turned just as red and she stammered.
"Uh, h-holding hands?"
Her voice was so quiet that it sounded like she was murmuring to herself.
"...Hands?"
Ellis looked puzzled.
"R-Right... Yes, we have held hands—"
"...Really? Holding hands... W-What a swift development..."
"..."
Hearing her sister's whispers, Ellis broke out in cold sweat.
Subconsciously, she touched her own lips lightly with her finger.
In terms of discipline, Velsaria was even stricter than Ellis.
...Forget about holding hands, more than that had happened. However, there was no way Ellis could bring herself to say that aloud.
Before dawn, on a bed in the nap room, Kamito woke up.
The speed used to shake off the Gargoyle's pursuit was unsustainable after all. Hence, it looked like they were not going to reach the imperial capital until the following afternoon.
Claire and Restia were sleeping in the lower bunks. Probably feeling more reassured by hugging Est, Restia had a blanket wrapped several times around the sword.
...Kamito could not help but feel a smile on his face.
Claire rolled over at this time.
"...Huaahh... Don't, Kamito... How could you... A collar so suddenly... Hyah!"
"...W-What kind of dream is that?"
Muttering, Kamito went outside.
Passing through the narrow passage, he took a gangway ladder on the side of the ship and arrived on deck.
He felt like getting a breeze.
(...I wonder what kind of dream Fianna is having right now?)
She was probably sleeping on a jail cell's cold floor right now.
The blowing wind ruffled his hair. Military ships were supposed to be capable of deploying a wind barrier, but right now, it was apparently not activated, possibly to reduce unnecessary consumption.
After reaching the deck—
"...Meow."
...He suddenly heard a cat.
He looked and found Scarlet meowing comfortably.
Rubia Elstein was crouching on the floor, stroking Scarlet's throat.
Noticing Kamito, she instantly stood up.
"What, you're playing with Scarlet?"
"...What are you doing here, Ren Ashbell?"
She slowly looked over to him.
The same ruby eyes as Claire were glaring sharply at Kamito.
Her long, blazing, crimson hair was fluttering in the wind.
Kamito could not help but notice how beautiful she looked.
"I'm just out to get some air."
Kamito leaned his back against the deck's railing.
At this feet, Scarlet began to rub herself affectionately against his leg.
"Uh, is your health okay now?"
"It is none of your concern."
"It's not, but it's really important to your sister Claire."
Rubia's eyes of ruby wavered subtly.
"Claire has spent her whole time looking for you. Her dream was to return to Elstein and live with her family again."
"Returning to the past is impossible."
"...Yeah, but what's lost can be retrieved."
"..."
Rubia looked away.
"I have no intention of dying just like that. I am bound by duty to atone."
With a sorrowful expression, she was probably recalling images of the cities destroyed by the Fire Elemental Lord's wrath.
"To this end, Ren Ashbell, I need your power from the Darkness Elemental Lord."
"Sorry, I can't do as you wish."
"It has nothing to do with my wishes. Sooner or later, the power of darkness will become irrepressible."
"...What do you mean? The power of darkness should have vanished already—"
Kamito could not help but ask but she shook her head.
"Indeed, you have suppressed the Darkness Elemental Lord's power. However, that is ultimately temporary. One day, the power will overflow and destroy you. You must have felt it too."
"...!?"
Kamito came to a sudden realization in alarm.
—He definitely had some idea of what she was talking about.
(Irrepressible power of darkness... Could it be—)
He thought of the kissing matter that Rinslet had mentioned when they were leaving Laurenfrost... Also, Ellis had told him something concerning.
"You evidently do have an idea."
"...Yeah, I guess I'd better tell you."
After all, she was precisely the culprit who had forced the Darkness Elemental Lord to awaken within Kamito.
Kamito briefly summarized what had happened with Ellis and Rinslet.
...After listening to him, Rubia thought deeply for a while.
"Have you heard of the legendary 'Princess Maidens of the Demon King'?"
Finally, she spoke.
"Yeah, just legends."
Kamito nodded. The "Princess Maidens of the Demon King" was one out of hundreds of Demon King legends.
A thousand years ago, Demon King Solomon had forcibly wed the princesses of conquered nations, taking them as his own.
Furthermore, he had selected girls with outstanding talent to become elementalist from among the princesses and bestowed his power upon them.
The princesses who received the Demon King's power were known as the "Princess Maidens of the Demon King." Together with the seventy-two spirits, they had wrought terror upon the Sacred Maiden's army of world salvation.
"Like you, Demon King Solomon was a reincarnation of the Darkness Elemental Lord. Presumably, in the same manner as you, he shared his power to his princess maidens through kisses—"
"...You mean it's the same ability as mine?"
"More than likely. The Darkness Elemental Lord's power enables an explosive increase in divine power. However, there are probably conditions on the princes maiden's side accordingly. Although the Demon King had hundreds of concubines, only a mere nine of them were able to obtain his power—"
"Is it talent as an elementalist?"
"Indeed, but it is possible that there are additional conditions—"
Rubia murmured in deep thought.
Kamito looked at his hand.
(...So I shared the Darkness Elemental Lord's power with them?)
Although it was not by choice, he still felt responsible.
"Uh, will they end up devoured by the power of darkness like me?"
"Records of the Demon King's princess maidens are rather vague. Some say that they were defeated by Sacred Maiden Areishia while others say that the power of darkness was purified by the Demon Slayer. Perhaps among them, there were others who ended up devoured by the power of darkness—"
"...In other words, you don't know."
"Indeed. Perhaps you would like to test it out with me?"
"...What!?"
Hearing Rubia's serious-sounding suggestion, Kamito could not help but panic.
However, he soon realized she was joking.
"Do not use divine power recklessly unless you want to be devoured by the power of darkness, Ren Ashbell."
"...Yeah, I know."
Kamito averted eye contact and nodded.
(...I guess it's best to avoid using divine power to solve problems.)
—After daybreak. Inside the flying ship's conference room, a meeting was held to plan Fianna's rescue operation.
Sitting around the oval table was Claire next to Kamito, with Ellis beside her. Restia and Est were presumably still sleeping in the nap room.
Rubia spread a map of the imperial capital over the table.
"Fianna is imprisoned at the Great Shrine of Areishia in the center of the nobles district."
She pointed at a location on the map.
"The Great Shrine of Areishia? Not Balsas Prison?"
"That would be impossible, because Muir wrecked the prison while we were retrieving Velsaria."
"...Reckless as ever."
Kamito could not help but groan.
"The Temple of World Isolation at the Great Shrine of Areishia has the ability to nullify a princess maiden's power. It is the most suitable place for imprisoning Fianna."
Saying that, Rubia took out another map and opened it on the table. Kamito did not know what channels she had used to obtain it, but the map had detailed floor plans of the Great Shrine of Areishia.
"You three will be the ones to carry out the rescue operation. Meanwhile, we will attack a nearby military base as a diversion."
"What about my esteemed sister?"
"She is unsuited to such an operation. She will stay on the Revenant as part of the diversion."
"...That's true."
Indeed, Velsaria's "fortress" was not suited for a rescue operation.
"What's the infiltration route into the Great Shrine of Areishia?"
Claire asked a question.
While the All Nations Conference was being held, with the recent assassination incident, security in the imperial capital would have escalated to the highest level. It was probably impossible to approach openly.
"First, a horse-drawn carriage will be prepared in the countryside for you to infiltrate the city. To enter, you will disguise yourselves as a noblewoman with her lady-in-waiting. By showing an imperial access pass, you should be able to bypass the gatekeeper's interrogation."
Saying that, she placed a counterfeit imperial access pass on the table. Carved on the center of the pass was a magic seal for disrupting a guardian spirit.
"To think you even have this kind of thing..."
"An application of cursed armament seals. Vivian Melosa is an outstanding counterfeiter."
"A forgery?"
The straitlaced Ellis frowned.
"Are you going to object to underhanded means when you are rebelling against the Empire?"
"W-Well..."
"If anything, I'm more concerned about the 'lady-in-waiting' part."
...Although Kamito brought it up, everyone ignored him.
"Even after infiltrating the imperial capital, there are still spirit knights stationed in the nobles district around the Great Shrine of Areishia. I don't think we can enter openly."
"There is a Murders merchant in the slums who is very familiar with routes into the nobles district. Find that man."
"...Murders? Can you trust them?"
"Murders and the Holy Kingdom have been in opposition for years. They are an organization that acts by weighing risks and benefits rather than ideology. If Arneus is in cahoots with the Holy Kingdom, Murders will have cause to aid us."
"...I see."
Murders had established a robust network across the continent with many branches in many countries. However, there was one exception.
—Namely, the Holy Kingdom of Lugia.
Worshiping one of the Five Great Elemental Lords, Holy Lord Alexandros, while believing in "the harmony of the entire continent" as its missive, the Holy Kingdom had outlawed Murders completely and kept the organization firmly outside its doors.
From Murders' standpoint, they would not want an Ordesia emperor who was intimately in bed with the Holy Kingdom.
"Once you sneak into the nobles district, head to the Great Shrine of Areishia and rescue Fianna. Avoid combat as much as possible, in particular against the Numbers."
"...Easier said than done. What about the escape route?"
"Fianna should know of escape routes exclusive to royalty. Use those. Once you escape out of the city, I shall send militarized spirits and Velsaria. It should be just right to buy time."
"...What a reckless plan."
Kamito sighed helplessly. That being said, the announced date for Fianna's execution was three days later. It would not be realistic unless they prepared themselves to take a risk and take forceful measures.
"Then what about the headmistress?"
Ellis asked at this time, somewhat worried.
The same thing was bothering Kamito too.
"The Dusk Witch's whereabouts are unknown."
"We need to find a way to save—"
"No."
Rubia objected on the spot.
"W-Why!?"
"Truth be told, I would like to secure the Dusk Witch too. However, we currently do not have the luxury of resources to spare on that front."
"B-But..."
Ellis was instantly silenced. Of course, it was not as though Ellis could not understand. If they were to split their forces now, it would only make it much harder to rescue Fianna.
"Be at ease. Arneus would not dare execute the Empire's hero so lightly."
"I suppose, maybe—"
Kamito muttered. After all, there was already a riot at Areishia Spirit Academy where many noble daughters were studying. The Empire would take utmost caution in dealing with her.
"Rubia is right. Let's give up on rescuing Greyworth this time."
"...Understood."
Ellis bit her lip regretfully and nodded.
"Just this time, okay? There will be a chance sooner or later. Let's wait patiently."
"Yes..."
"So, what do we do after saving Fianna?"
This time, Kamito asked Rubia.
"After circling around the Kelbreth Mountain Range, we will escape into the Dragon Duchy of Dracunia."
Rubia moved the pin on the map again.
"Dracunia?"
"Indeed, that nation has extremely poor relations with the Holy Kingdom."
"Right. Preparations have already been made in advance to escape there."
"...Not bad at all."
Kamito could not help but smack his lips. Despite losing most of her subordinates, Rubia's underground network seemed intact.
"What about after we escape to Dracunia?"
After hearing Claire's question, Rubia slowly looked up from the map.
"I intend to support Fianna to become empress."
She declared in a solemn voice.
"Support Fianna to become empress?"
"Indeed. Then at an opportune timing, 'Legitimate Ordesia' will be announced."
"Legitimate Ordesia...?"
"Indeed. Raising a banner to fight the Holy Kingdom, the true Ordesia Empire."
"A government in exile huh? ...So you're ignoring Fianna's own will completely."
"The League of Inferno requires a righteous cause to declare war on the Holy Kingdom."
"B-But this way—"
Claire mustered her courage and spoke up.
"Fianna clearly wouldn't like this. She already abandoned all of that..."
"Be that as it may, she is ultimately still a member of the imperial family. She will understand her mission and accept this destiny."
"Uh..."
"—Thus concludes our battle plan."
Rubia declared coldly and stood up.
Just as she put on her overcoat and was about to leave the conference room—
"Nee-sama..."
For an instant, Rubia paused at the door.
"...I leave Fianna in your hands."
Rubia whispered extremely quietly.
Kamito and Claire instantly exchanged glances.
Rubia's words made them realize.
Exterminating the Otherworldly Darkness that was responsible for driving the Elemental Lords insane—That was the motivation for her actions.
But in addition to that.
Surely, she—
Hoped to rescue Fianna as her best friend in the past.
"—Yeah, we'll handle it."
As Rubia passed through the doorway, Kamito nodded.
After the strategy meeting, Kamito went on deck alone.
He was hesitating whether to tell Claire and Ellis about what Rubia told him about the Darkness Elemental Lord.
(...But it'll cause them to worry if I tell them.)
Kamito's gaze fell upon his leather gloved left hand.
Do not use divine power recklessly unless you want to be devoured by the power of darkness—Rubia had warned him.
(...Conversely, the power of darkness won't awaken if I don't use divine power?)
If that were the case, then all he needed to do was avoid fighting as much as possible.
Of course, that was impossible to guarantee.
—Detecting a presence behind him at this time, Kamito looked back.
"...Restia?"
He saw Restia climbing up the gangway ladder while using the railing for support.
Blown by the wind on the deck, she looked like she had trouble maintaining balance.
"Kyah!"
"Hey, it's dangerous—"
Kamito hurried over and caught her arm.
"Th-Thank you..."
The darkness spirit girl lowered her head, her cheeks blushing slightly.
"What's the matter? You have trouble sleeping?"
"Yes."
Restia nodded and looked up at Kamito.
"...You are about to leave?"
"Ah, I guess you heard from Claire and the others."
However, Restia shook her head.
"No, I simply had a feeling."
"...Really?"
Those dusk-colored eyes, which used to smile fearlessly, conveyed an expression of unease.
...It was unavoidable that she would feel worried.
After all, she had lost her memory and Kamito's party was the only people she could rely on.
However, taking her along to the imperial capital would be too dangerous.
Kamito had heard that people from the Holy Kingdom were lurking in Ordesia. In addition, the Holy Kingdom was clearly targeting Restia.
Currently, the safest place on the entire continent was probably this ship.
"We'll be back as soon as we rescue our friend."
Kamito gently placed his hand on Restia's head.
"I know. You are currently at the center of an extremely monumental destiny. Hence—"
Saying that, Restia held Kamito's hand firmly.
"You must return—"
"Yeah, of course. After all, at your side is where I've always belonged."
In response, Kamito embraced Restia's petite body.
"How odd..."
Held in Kamito's arms, she smiled.
"...Why are these tears falling?"

—The imperial capital of Ostdakia.
This was a city that the Sacred Maiden had turned into a stronghold during the Demon King War a thousand years ago in order to battle the Demon King's army.
After the Demon King War ended, the city's location, corresponding to the current Empire's center, made it a trading hub that connected all parts of the continent. Gradually growing in prosperity, it finally developed into a top metropolis on the continent.
And located in the center of the imperial capital was the great assembly hall where the imperial council convened, as well as Nefescal Palace that served as both the imperial family's residence and the Ordesia's most important shrine.
(...How ironic. To think that the Demon King's successor would return to the city that had served as the bastion of resistance against the Demon King.)
Riding a rocking horse-drawn carriage while tightly gripping the reins from the coachman's seat, Kamito muttered to himself mentally.
In fact, this was not his first time infiltrating the imperial capital. During his childhood, he had sneaked into the imperial capital with Muir, Lily and Restia as part of an Instructional School mission.
"Honestly, will this method really work?"
Claire's worried voice came from inside the carriage.
"...Who knows. To be honest, I'm not confident either."
Dressed as a lady-in-waiting, Kamito sighed from the coachman's seat.
He was the perfect model of a lady-in-waiting working at a royal palace, no matter how you looked.
"You are extremely adorable, Kamito."
Claire giggled humorously.
"...G-Give me a break."
Kamito grimaced and looked back at Claire.
Seated inside the carriage, Claire was dressed in a white dress. Her crimson hair had been dyed blonde.
The cover story was that Claire was a daughter from a noble family and Kamito was her lady-in-waiting. As for Ellis, she was hiding in a cramped pile of cargo.
The role of the noblewoman fell to Claire because her face was less well-known than Ellis who had frequented the imperial capital as a daughter of the Fahrengart family and thus universally recognized. Claire's last visit to the imperial capital was already more than four years ago.
"We'll be at the main gate soon. Don't poke your head out of the carriage and make sure you act like a noble."
The carriage carrying the trio was gradually approaching the imperial capital's massive city gate.
A massive bonfire was lit before the gate while merchants formed a long line up with their merchandise on carts.
"Ohohohoho, I am an aristocrat from upper-crust society—!"
Claire suddenly made a weird sound, causing Kamito to look back in shock at once.
"W-Who the heck are you trying to be!?"
"What do you mean, who...? I'm just imitating Rinslet. Isn't it very noble-like?"
"...L-Like my foot. She'll definitely get mad if she saw this."
"Hmph, I can't believe you're taking Rinslet's side..."
Claire pouted unhappily.
"Just act more like your usual self and that's very noble-like."
"I-Is that so?"
Hearing that, Claire seemed quite pleased, blushing.
Over the massive entrance, a pair of terrifying lion sculptures overlooked Kamito's party.
No wait, those were not sculptures—They were guardian spirits protecting the imperial capital's main gate.
Kamito took out from his bosom the imperial access pass that Vivian had forged.
"We'll be able to pass using this?"
"Yes, supposedly..."
From inside the carriage, Claire nodded slightly nervously and replied.
"I really want to launch an aerial raid directly using Simorgh."
"That'll only get us shot down by the imperial capital's anti-air defenses."
Kamito stopped talking and raised the imperial access pass in front of the gate.
Branded on the pass, magic runes glowed for an instant and quickly vanished. Even when the carriage approached, the guardian spirits on the gate did not react at all, simply sitting there.
(...Looks like entry is a success.)
Kamito mentally breathed a sigh of relief.
Next, an armed guard blocked the carriage.
"Please allow me to check your belongings. Do you mind opening up the cargo hold?"
"I hate waiting. I will have you know that I am in a hurry."
Claire spoke from the carriage.
"Yes, I am terribly sorry. Orders from above mean we must check..."
The guard opened the carriage's cargo hold. There were two wooden boxes stacked inside.
Opening the top box, the guard found candlesticks and other ritual equipment as well as a rare spirit crystal.
"What is this?"
"I bought them during my travels in the Kingdom of Balstan. Look, isn't it pretty?"
Claire held up the spirit crystal to show the guard.
"Although it's not particularly valuable, why don't you take one as a gift, good sir?"
Claire handed the guard a small spirit crystal with a water spirit sealed inside. Ordinary people were unable to use spirit crystals but they could earn a handsome sum of money by selling them to specialized shops.
"...Eh, i-is it really okay?"
"Yes, but in return, I would like to return to my mansion as soon as possible because I am already exhausted. May I pass?"
She conveyed her intention to use bribery as a means to bypass examination, but—
"No, orders from above mandate that—"
The guard shook his head seriously, intending to stick to his principles.
"...Eh?"
Seeing that, Claire's expression froze.
(...H-Hey, what are we going to do now?)
Kamito gestured to Claire with a look.
They had not predicted this situation. They originally thought that checking the belongings of nobles would be a mere formality after they had passed through the checkpoint.
In fact, thoroughly checking a noble's belongings in the imperial capital was quite an exceptional case. At the very least, bribing the guards was virtually guaranteed to work in the past.
(...Is the imperial capital on an even higher level of alert than imagined?)
"Then please allow me to search."
Despite faltering, the guard still intended to open the wooden box on the bottom.
This was precisely where Ellis was hiding.
"W-Wait—"
"I am terribly sorry, these are the rules—"
The guard ignored Claire's protest and touched the lower wooden box.
(...Oh no!)
In that instant...
Something passed through the wooden box's lid and flew out ferociously.
"Kehhhhhhhhhhh!"
"U-Uwahhhhhhh!"
The guard cried out in surprise, instantly falling on his bottom.
"Kehhh, kehhhhhhhhhhh!"
Poking its head out from the wooden box was a demon bird, making terrifying noises.
"M-Milady, w-what on earth is..."
"...U-Uh, it's my pet bird I bought at a market during my travels. Isn't it cute?"
"C-Cute...?"
Looking up at the demon bird, the guard's face was twitching from terror.
"It's your fault for touching the wooden box recklessly. How do you intend to take responsibility?"
"I-I-I-I am terribly sorry, milady...!"
The guard kept bowing his head to apologize.
"P-Please forgive me. You may pass!"
"Hmph, whatever. Let us hurry—"
At Claire's urging, Kamito drove the carriage through the gate.
A while after entering the city—
"...Phew, we got through at least."
Kamito breathed a long sigh of relief.
"Simorgh's scary face came in handy."
"Kururu..."
Hearing that, the demon wind spirit cooed proudly from the wooden box.
"Anyway, infiltration is a success huh?"
"No, the main event starts now."
The imperial capital's layout could basically be divided into two parts.
There was the nobles' residential district with Nefescal Palace at the center and the surrounding urban area.
The two areas were separated by walls. Guarding that massive gate was not ordinary soldiers but spirit knights from the army. Naturally, the alert level was dramatically higher and they could not deceive their way through using a forged pass like earlier.
Kamito parked the carriage at a stop. Leaving the carriage there, they continued their way on foot in the city.
"...Phew, I almost suffocated."
Coming out of the wooden box, Ellis stretched hard.
"It's all thanks to Ellis' quick thinking just now."
"Yes, but I never imagined I would ever sneak into the imperial capital like this..."
As a Fahrengart knight, she must feel quite uncomfortable about sneaking secretly into the imperial capital.
"First, let's get into contact with that Murders merchant."
Claire took out something from a wooden box while she spoke. The enchanted equipment and spirit crystals in the wooden box were not only for earning the gate guard's trust but also for bribing the Murders merchant.
"The magic equipment shop at District 5."
Putting on gray overcoats, the trio walked quickly in alleyways.
"This place was more bustling the last time I visited..."
Under his hood, Kamito whispered.
"Looks like an air of unease is hanging over the Empire's citizens due to the incident."
After passing through several gates demarcating divisions between districts, they stepped into a slum district.
Even the most prosperous city on the continent had its own dark side.
The magic equipment shop stood all alone inside the district.
Without examining closely while they walked, it would have been very easy not to notice the shop.
Completely nondescript, it was an ordinary shop in appearance. From the perspective of an ordinary citizen unversed in enchanted equipment and spirit crystals, all one could tell was that it was a slightly messy shop.
Claire knocked four times at a predetermined interval.
It was a secret signal. Soon, the door unlocked with a quiet sound.
A short man's smiling face emerged from the door's gap.
"...I have waited for you, ladies."
"You're the guide?"
Hearing Claire's question, the man giggled and gestured with his eyes for them to come in.
Entering the shop, Kamito and company changed back into ordinary school uniforms.
Then they put on black cloaks over their uniforms. Woven with protective magic, the Academy's uniforms had excellent durability, comparable in specs with the military uniform of the Imperial Knights. Although it was a bit conspicuous, the school uniform was still worth wearing.
"—You have already received word from the Cardinal's messenger, haven't you?"
"Indeed, a request hoping for my aid... How polite. The Cardinal is one of my major customers after all."
The Murders merchant grinned.
Claire poured out something from the bag in her hand onto the counter.
"This is the Cardinal's reward for you—"
"...Wow, that's so generous. All rare treasures."
Picking up a small spirit crystal to play in his hand, the merchant smiled with satisfaction.
"The Cardinal has also broken the underground merchant Vivian Melosa out from Balsas Prison. This is enough of a reward for Murders, right?"
"Yes, of course, of course. Standing from our perspective, it's not like we can ignore the ascension of Prince Arneus, who's allied closely to the Holy Kingdom—"
The merchant brought his hands together while he spoke.
"Recently, business has become hard. Although we earned a fortune from various nations across the continent during the Ranbal War, in this day and age, our only sources of income are limited to scrapped militarized spirits and cheap cursed armament seals—"
"...Y-You bastard, how impertinent! It is only because of people like you that my esteemed sister—"
"Ellis, stop—"
Seeing Ellis about to draw her sword impulsively, Claire hastily stopped her.
"...B-But can this man really be trusted?"
"There is no choice. His aid is absolutely essential."
"Please don't worry. Murders merchants all have a scale in their heart for weighing risks and benefits. As long as the scales don't tip over, betrayal definitely won't happen."
The merchant smiled and opened a door in the depths of the shop.
"Please, come this way—"
A hidden flight of steps led underground from beneath a set of shelves in the back of the shop.
Holding a torch for illumination, the merchant kept descending into darkness.
"This is a place Murders uses for smuggling goods."
"...A sewer? But if that's the case, there should be water noises..."
While using a spirit crystal to illuminate the walls, Kamito commented.
"Underground ruins. A relic dating back to the Demon King War when Sacred Maiden Areishia converted this city into her stronghold. These types of underground ruins are abundant in the imperial capital, more than you can count."
"Sheesh, can't you remember from Freya-sensei's class?"
"Oh really?"
"I remember hearing about them too, but this is actually my first time entering one—"
Ellis examined the walls around her while murmuring quietly.
"The Empire leaves places like this alone?"
"Completely burying all the vast underground ruins is impossible. Besides, the Ordesia military finds value in such underground passages."
At this moment, a large rat ran past Claire's feet.
"...Huahh, a r-rat!"
"Be careful, there are even worse rats in these parts."
"...Rats huh. I remember that it's a euphemism for Umbra's special operative knights."
"Yes, that's why it's best to keep quiet from this point on because running into them is a possibility."
...Advancing silently lasted roughly half an hour.
Then Kamito, maintaining a high level of focus, heard a tiny sound.
Friction from boot soles. Breathing from multiple people in the darkness.
(...Oh dear.)
Kamito sighed secretly and stopped walking.
"Kamito?"
Walking in front, Claire and Ellis showed surprise.
"Say, Mr. Merchant..."
"What can I do for you?"
The merchant smiled cordially and turned his head back.
"You mentioned earlier, right? Something about a set of scales in every Murders merchant's heart—"
"...Sure, what about it?"
"What's the other side on your scales?"
Kamito asked calmly.
Hearing that, the merchant rested his chin against his hand and made a thinking look.
"Hmm, yes. For example, if I were to hand you over to the Imperial Knights, I could make a tidy profit. After all, you are wanted criminals, my dear customers."
"But you're an illegal merchant. You can't make contact with the knights, right?"
"Precisely. The scales are tipped towards you, dear customers. Please rest assured."
"Oh really? In that case—"
Instantly, Kamito drew a dagger from his waist—
And parried countless silver slashes flashing the darkness.
"What is the meaning of this?"
"...! Kamito, we're surrounded!?"
"Yeah—"
Kamito focused his mind and detected the presences in the darkness.
(...That's quite a lot. Seven or eight ahead with three or four behind?)
Under this sort of darkness, it was no easy task to ascertain enemy numbers. It was possible for several people to lie in ambush.
(Don't tell me that all of them are elementalists?)
The faint smile on the merchant's face earlier had vanished.
"...I can't believe you deflected all the blades of the assassins—"
"If they're assassins, they'd better train more on how to hide their killing intent, okay? Although I can't see them, their directions are completely clear to me—"
"Traitor!"
Saying that, Claire released her elemental waffe, Flametongue.
Blazing crimson flames illuminated the darkness in the underground passage.
A masked group of differing ages and appearances came into view.
Rather than Ordesia's Imperial Knights, they were most likely—
(...Rogue elementalists hired as mercenaries huh.)
Although rare, talents as an elementalist would occasionally blossom in people without noble heritage. Those people would be forcibly sent to educational institutions for elementalists, but depending on circumstances, some of them would end up bought by Murders and other criminal organizations to become illegal mercenaries.
Although they were vastly inferior to elementalists trained at the Academy—most of them were unable to deploy elemental waffen—these elementalists had gone through actual combat training, so they were still able to overwhelm mighty opponents through sheer numbers.
"I knew it. A dirty Murders merchant simply cannot be trusted in the first place."
Ellis readied Ray Hawk and glared angrily at the merchant before her.
"Hoho... Truth be told, I have made quite a fortune on selling militarized spirits to the Cardinal. However, it's simply not enough to tip my scales towards her, that's all."
"Then what's being weighed on the other side of the scales?"
Hearing Kamito's question, the merchant shrugged.
"In a word, authorization to trade in the Holy Kingdom of Lugia's Alexandria. Can you offer anything better than that, my dears?"
"...No way! The Holy Kingdom can't possibly make a deal with Murders!"
Claire widened her eyes.
"The continental situation is changing every second, little lady."
"Is Arneus your newest customer?"
"Oh dear, I might've said too much."
The merchant laughed and took a step back into the darkness.
"I don't want to get caught in this, so I'll be running away now."
Throwing his torch to the ground, he rushed into the underground passage.
"...! Wait, hold it right there!"
Claire swung her fiery whip—
But before that, a stone wall rose up. It was a spirit used by a rogue elementalist.
"...Kamito, we must give chase. If he runs away, we won't be able to get out—"
"Yeah—"
Kamito drew the Demon Slayer and smashed the stone wall. However, the merchant was already out of sight. Taking his place, a number of rogue elementalists were blocking the way with weapons readied.
Naturally, this quantity of opponents were no match for Kamito's party. However, inside this narrow underground passage with dismal visibility, defeating all of them looked like it could take some time.
(Breaking through by force seems to be the only option huh—)
Kamito entered a stance for a group fight. Although he wanted to avoid wasting too much divine power, circumstances did not permit—
Then at that very moment...
"...Gahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!"
A scream sounded from the depths of the underground passage.
"...!?"
It was the Murders merchant's voice. Kamito and his friends exchanged glances with one another. The rogue elementalists hired by the merchant also paused.
"W-Why!? Why are you here...!?"
"Unfortunately for you, this is my backyard, little rat."
A cute voice was heard, accompanied by nimble footsteps, standing in stark contrast against the merchant's scream.
A swaying spirit crystal's illumination approached, illuminating the underground passage.
The merchant appeared with his arm twisted behind his back. Pressed against the side of his head was a weapon with extremely limited circulation across the entire continent—A hand gun.
Kamito had some recollection of this hand gun that was embedded with spirit crystals.
"You're—!?"
"...Guh, uh... Huff, huff, huff..."
Inside a world dominated by silence and darkness...
Fianna was currently focusing her mind.
Whether physical stamina or willpower, she was about to reach her limit. Even so, those dusk-colored eyes of hers still did not lose their light. Because she had a reason that enabled her to struggle free of despair.
(...Kamito-kun... is coming...)
—Rewinding to several hours prior. The special operative knight claiming to work under Greyworth finally contacted her a second time. Umbra never used the same method of communication twice, hence this time was a shredded piece of paper instead of a spirit crystal.
After reassembling the piece of paper, Fianna read the brief message of "He is here" written on it.
That was sufficient.
With this alone, she was able to endure any kind of suffering.
She bit her parched lip hard.
Putting the blood on her finger, she drew carefully on the ground.
(—Binding Spell No.14, combined with a double-layered seal, I guess?)
She closed her eyes and analyzed the composition of the magic circle engraved on the stone floor. Then using the blood on her finger, she carefully overwrote the main elements composing magic circle.
This type of tedious and complicated task that would make a person's brain explode, she was repeating it again and again.
Drawing another layer of a detailed pattern on top of dried blood, she repeated this endlessly. An extremely intricate magic circle gradually took shape while she immersed herself in her work.
Naturally, using blood to rewrite a magic circle was absolutely not something any ordinary princess maiden could accomplish. This was a god-like feat that could only be achieved by Fianna who possessed outstanding talent in addition to vast knowledge regarding barriers.
She had already lost a great deal of blood, to the point that even maintaining consciousness felt unbelievable.
However, the efforts of this suffocating hardship was finally about to bear fruit.
(...Kamito-kun... is coming... That's why, I too—)
Several hours had passed since she started drawing her magic circle. It was almost time for the guard's patrol. And once discovered, all her efforts so far would end up wasted.
Anxiety filled her mind. However, all would be for naught if she were to lose caution now.
"—I... command thee... for the third, time... Obey, the covenant of blood—"
With her bleeding lips, she recited the final words of the incantation.
"...Liberate me... from these bonds—!"
At long last, Fianna finished the final magic circle.
Drawn on the floor, the magic circle of blood glowed blue-white.
—Success. An exorcism circle was completed, capable of breaking on a structural level this magic circle that insulated this Temple of World Isolation from links to Astral Zero.
(...With this... The link to Astral Zero is restored.)
Fianna exhaled in relief and collapsed sitting on the floor, leaning against the wall.
She closed her eyes and concentrated briefly. Immediately, she could feel her body connected to Astral Zero with divine power coursing through her entire being.
(...First, I must... find Kamito and the others...)
—How much time had elapsed since receiving the last report from that special operative knight?
Perhaps they were already inside the imperial capital.
(...I hope they won't be caught by the Imperial Knights—)
Arranging fingers in a spiritual gesture, she recalled Kamito's image in her mind.
This was Fianna's prided skill of divination, allowing one to search for a specified person with a deep mental connection by raising a princess maiden's sensing abilities to the absolute limit. Although it was vastly inferior in accuracy to Princess Linfa's Clairvoyance, she could still get an approximate location as long as her target was not too far away.
With her five senses at a high level of focus, she was hit by a dizzying feeling as though all her nerves had been bundled into a single resonating string. Her consciousness expanded from her body, outwards from this prison, to the shrine outside the prison, to the world outside the shrine—
(Wait for me, Kamito-kun—)

Seeing the merchant captured, the rogue elementalists instantly scattered and fled. Hired by money, those people most likely had no loyalty to speak of.
Besides, she was the natural enemy of rogue elementalists.
"...So what the heck are you doing here?"
Kamito narrowed his eyes and glared at the girl.
Black hair cropped short, slender and beautiful eyes. Dressed in a combat outfit of black leather. Boyish airs.
This was precisely Ninth of the Numbers—Virrey Branford.
Belonging to the Ordesia military's Umbra, she was a special operative knight specializing in espionage.
The last time Kamito met her was before setting off for Laurenfrost. He remembered she had said at the time that she was heading to the imperial capital, acting as Greyworth's bodyguard for the All Nations Conference.
"This is Umbra's backyard, you know? Taking of sewer rats is our job."
Virrey tied the man up with a rope and tossed him to the ground.
"...You knew that we had contacted this man?"
Claire asked warily.
It could not be coincidence that a special operative knight of Umbra had arrived.
However, supposing she had come to arrest Kamito's group, it would be far too unbelievable for her to show up alone.
"After all, I had received reports that you had broken out of prison at the Academy Town facility. From that I was certain you'd come to rescue the Second Princess. There are few routes that people from outer city could take to enter the nobles district. Hence, it wasn't hard to predict that you'd approach a Murders merchant—"
"You knew early on that we were going to infiltrate the imperial capital?"
"Pretty much—"
Virrey nodded.
Kamito placed his hand on the Demon Slayer.
"—So, what do you want? Do you intend to arrest us who are trying to rescue Fianna?"
He stared sharply at Virrey.
Virrey Branford was definitely no pushover. Although her contracted spirit might prioritize espionage abilities due to her position under Umbra, she was still a member of Numbers, the Empire's most elite knights.
"Good grief, don't jump to conclusions like that. I'm not here to arrest you."
Virrey hastily waved her hands.
"...What?"
"What I mean is that I'm not here on Umbra's orders. Instead, I'm acting on private motives. In other words, I am the only one who knows that you've infiltrated the imperial capital—"
"...Private motives?"
Kamito frowned in surprise and let go of his sword's hilt.
Of course, this did not mean that Kamito believed her completely. However, it would definitely be mind boggling for her to show up alone if she really intended to arrest Kamito's group.
"Kamito, here's a deal. Allow me to use you for once."
"...What do you mean?"
"My goal is to rescue Dame Greyworth who has been imprisoned by Arneus."
"Huh?"
"...Rescue the headmistress?"
Kamito, Claire and Ellis stared at one another.
Virrey had investigated Greyworth in secret at the military's orders before. However, it was hard to imagine any other connection between the two of them.
"I mentioned last time that I was taken off the mission of tracking down Lurie Lizaldia, right?"
"Yeah—"
"At the time, it was Dame Greyworth who took me in after I was reassigned from Umbra. That's why I am in her debt."
"A debt huh? But is this really enough to make you willing to take such a great risk given your position in the Numbers?"
Greyworth was currently a suspected co-conspirator in the emperor assassination incident, a major criminal. Rescuing her meant rebelling against the Empire.
"Of course, there are more reasons than that—"
Virrey confessed quite readily.
"Kamito, I have come to harbor suspicions against the Empire because of this incident."
She lowered her voice.
"...Suspicions."
Kamito had a clue what she was implying.
"You mean the fact that the Holy Kingdom's reach has extended into the Ordesia?"
"Why do you know about this!?"
Virrey widened her slender eyes.
"Well, I've got a source—"
Without exposing Rubia overtly, Kamito answered ambiguously.
"I am quite curious about your source... Oh well, that makes things easy since you already know more or less. Ordesia's upper echelon is currently under the Holy Kingdom's control..."
Virrey recounted symptoms of suspicious changes in the Empire recently.
It first began with the cessation of Lurie Lizaldia's pursuit, then there was the Sacred Spirit Knights trespassing Laurenfrost territory at the border, as well as the Empire's acquiescence regarding that.
Next was the attempted assassination of the emperor.
Even without being involved directly in the investigation, Virrey had many doubts regarding the incident.
First of all, there was the Bloodstone from which Fianna had released the demon spirit. Although the prime minister had provided it as a co-conspirator, how exactly did he get his hands on a spirit crystal on the level of a national treasure? Why was Greyworth's former contracted spirit sealed inside it—?
The prime minister's suicide was also highly suspicious. However, the Imperial Knights had hastily declared the investigation complete instead of addressing these issues.
"There should be many people who find the current incident suspicious, but with the Second Princess faction rendered prisoners, everyone fears Arneus, or rather, the Holy Kingdom that is backing him."
Virrey bit her lip hard.
"Currently, Ordesia is very abnormal. As a knight who has sworn loyalty to the Empire, I wish to rescue Dame Greyworth out of personal conviction, unrelated to the organization. As such, I need your assistance—"
"In other words, you'll take the opportunity to rescue Greyworth as long as we cause a commotion while saving Fianna, right?"
"—Thank you for understanding so quickly."
Virrey nodded in response to Claire.
"Besides, rescuing the Second Princess is also Dame Greyworth's orders to me before her arrest. Assuming everything goes as planned, I will aid in the escape."
"Rescuing Greyworth is what we want too. It'd be a great help if you succeeded too."
"—Then we have a deal, I guess?"
Nodding, the maiden special operative knight smiled.
With special footwork making no sound at all, the special operative knight from Umbra advanced quickly in the dark.
Criss-crossing vast underground ruins, the path was so long that it seemed endless—
Finally, spirit crystal lighting revealed a certain bizarre manmade structure in the passage ahead.
A gigantic iron grate stretching all the way to the ceiling.
Virrey walked up to it. After turning one of the rusted bars in the grate several times, she took off a section in the middle, thus creating a gap that a person could squeeze through.
"I cannot believe a place like this exists under the imperial capital..."
Ellis could not help but exclaim in surprise.
"Is this Umbra's secret entrance?"
Without responding to Kamito's muttering, Virrey silently advanced in the dark.
Suddenly, they were struck by an intense rotting stench, forcing Kamito to frown.
The disgusting sticky feeling underfoot seemed familiar, like the corpse of some kind of small animal.
"...Could this place be—"
"Yes, the palace's trash heap. However, what gets abandoned here includes more than trash."
Whispering profound words, Virrey stopped in front of the trash heap.
On top of the mountain of trash was a circular shaft built from brick and mortar.
Light from the surface leaked in from there, illuminating the surroundings, instantly revealing an unsightly scene.
Mixed in the trash was a large amount of white bones. Although the majority belonged to small animals like rats, there were also bones of bigger sizes.
A sight Kamito had grown used to seeing during his childhood. The abandoned corpses of children that had died during harsh training.
"...K-Kamito, this is...!"
Claire covered her mouth and groaned. Ellis was also speechless from shock.
"The Research Tower of Guas Gibai, have you heard this name before?"
"...First time I'm hearing it."
"A research facility during the Ranbal War, it was also known as the Torture Tower."
"The Torture Tower?"
Hearing Claire's whisper, Kamito asked.
"Yes, during the Ranbal War, the Empire was conducting inhumane experiments that included cursed armament seals. Among them, the Research Tower of Guas Gibai was infamous as a record of the Ordesia Empire's scandalous history."
"Right, but the tower itself was already sealed off long ago. This trash heap beneath an affluent nobles district can be considered a relic of that era—"
"...What a disgusting place."
Kamito spoke as though spitting.
"—The place where Dame Greyworth is imprisoned is that Torture Tower."
"...Huh?" "What?" "Say that again!?"
The trio exclaimed involuntarily.
"But isn't the tower sealed off—"
"Several months ago, Arneus opened the tower. He forced the imperial council to pass the resolution by calling it a military research facility. A military facility in name but Arneus' personal possession in fact. Besides the researchers working under him, rumors even say that a cardinal from the Holy Kingdom has been sighted coming and going there—"
"The headmistress is in that kind of place—"
"But why...?"
"They agenda is unknown. But Dame Greyworth's body of eternal youth is probably an excellent test subject for those people—"
"The old lady..."
Kamito gritted his teeth and looked up at the shaft.
—After climbing up the shaft, they were surrounded by a flourishing forest.
This was probably a forest inside the vast nobles district for royalty and aristocrats to engage in recreational activities such as horseriding or hunting. That being said, nobles would probably not ride to such a dense part of the forest.
The sky was shrouded by gray clouds.
If it rained, the sound should be able to cover up their footsteps.
"...What about the guards outside?"
"Should be few in number at this hour. Furthermore, the First Division of the Imperial Knights apparently moved out to handle a military ship of unknown nationality in the imperial capital's outskirts right now."
Kamito and Claire exchanged a glance.
...Almost assuredly, it was Rubia's Revenant.
"The Second Princess is currently imprisoned in the underground Temple of World Isolation beneath the Grand Shrine of Areishia. I'd be very grateful if you could cause a big commotion to divert attention."
"I don't really want to overdo it, but I guess it can't be helped."
"Yeah..."
Hearing Claire's murmur, Kamito concurred.
That being said, it would be unrealistic to think he could storm the place without even drawing the Demon Slayer. Elite high-level knights were guarding the shrine along with the Empire's strongest, the Numbers.
"And the Numbers guarding the shrine are?"
"The knights in charge of guarding the Great Shrine of Areishia should be under the command of Leschkir Hirschkilt, third of the Numbers. Dame Leschkir uses Typhon, a gravity spirit."
"A gravity spirit huh? I think it might be tough to handle with a sword spirit."
"However, first-ranked Dame Sephira, second-ranked Dame Irvine and fourth-ranked Dame Dunei are currently heading out to intercept the military ship. You should count your blessings already."
Kamito stared at the towering Great Shrine of Areishia in the distance.
"I'm leaving Greyworth's rescue to you, Virrey."
"Yeah, good luck to you too."
(...Kamito-kun!?)
The instant she activated her magic—
An image of Kamito was carved deeply into Fianna's mind.
Clearly different from an ordinary person's, that presence had a sort of nostalgic feeling to it too.
Undoubtedly, it was the presence of the Kamito whom she knew so well.
—In that case, now is not the time to be sitting around in this place.
Doing everything to concentrate, Fianna stood up.
Using her trembling finger, she dipped it into the blood on the ground and wrote a magic circle on the prison wall.
Despite a lack of divine power, with the aid of a magic circle, the act of summoning itself should be possible.
(Although I'm filthy all over and haven't purified myself—)
The holy knight who served as her right hand would surely come.
With this conviction, she chanted the words of summoning.
"—Thou, servant of the king of the child of man, knight and master swordsman! —By the contract of the old blood, become the sword that protects me, come forth and do my bidding!"
The princess maiden's clear voice pierced the silence of the Temple of World Isolation.
Responding to her words, the magic circle of blood glowed blue-white.
A silver light flashed through the air.
A sword of steel tore through space and out from the crack appeared a silver-white knight.
The knight spirit Georgios—the high-ranked spirit passed down the Ordesia imperial family.
"...Thank goodness... You came..."
Smiling, almost about to collapse, Fianna was caught in the knight spirit's powerful arms. Next, after placing her slowly on the ground, the knight spirit drew his sword and severed the chains binding Fianna's arms and legs in one strike.
"...Thank you. I think I kept a healing crystal inside—"
The knight spirit opened up his chest armor and took out a spirit crystal from the void.
Fianna held the spirit crystal against her bosom and poured divine power into it.
"O benevolent unicorn, heal my body with the light—"
Holy light of healing enveloped her entire body and her drained stamina returned slightly.
(Right now, this is all I can do...)
—That being said, she should have recovered to the point of being able to walk.
Fianna took out a ritual dagger from Georgios' chest and sliced off her dress' bloodstained hem for ease of movement.
Then she walked over to the tightly shut door. Other protective magic had been cast on the door, but there was no time to dispel it now.
(...Since I can't open it, I might as well break it.)
Fianna raised her hand at the door.
"—Destroy it, Georgios!"
She commanded.
Obeying his liege's order, the knight spirit attacked the door fiercely with his massive sword.
Severed in a single strike. With a loud sound, the door shattered into fragments.
"...What, the Second Princess!?"
"I-Impossible, how could a contracted spirit—"
"R-Report to Dame Leschkir, hurry—"
The guards stationed at the Temple of World Isolation cried out in surprise and fled one after another.
"Huff, huff... Guh..."
However, Fianna felt a wave of dizziness and had to lean against a wall. In her current state, maintaining Georgios was too much of a strain, running the risk of losing consciousness.
"—Go back, Georgios. Thank you."
Obeying his liege's command, the knight spirit nodded then disappeared as particles of light.
"Wait for me, Kamito-kun..."
After a quiet murmur, Fianna began to run along the corridor in the shrine.
The heavy clouds started to rain.
Kamito's sharp senses detected a faint presence of tension in the air.
"Follow the plan and take the roundabout route, Kamito."
"Yeah..."
The shortest route to the Great Shrine of Areishia would be to go straight along the main road leading to Nefescal Palace. However, one would naturally expect plenty of knights stationed there. Getting stalled there for a moment and reinforcements would probably arrive quickly.
"—O wind, grant us thy protection."
Ellis chanted spirit magic, deploying a wind barrier around the three of them.
The wind barrier's effects included the erasure of footstep sounds and slightly improving movement speed.
"Let's go."
Under the sound of unrelenting rain, Kamito and company passed through a passage in the nobles district.
Leaving the area of noble residences, they moved to where government agencies were situated.
They still did not see any knights along the way... The streets were unexpectedly quiet.
"...How weird, there's not a soul in sight."
"Yes, after all, the anti-Arneus faction was thrown into jail not too long ago—"
While perking her ears to listen to surrounding signs, Ellis whispered.
At this moment, the voices of guards could be heard up ahead.
Kamito and company stopped and hid in the shadows of a mansion.
"What an embarrassment. We must find the princess at all costs!"
"She shouldn't have escaped too far yet!"
A group of guards were running along the passage with noisy footsteps.
"...!?"
Kamito and friends looked at one another.
"...Fianna escaped?"
"What's going on?"
"..."
Kamito began to think quickly.
Was this timing coincidental? Or somehow, she had detected the movements of Kamito's group and tried her best to accommodate—
"...Well, I guess Fianna doesn't have the personality of an imprisoned princess."
"Yeah." "...Hmm, I suppose."
It was that princess after all. Breaking out of jail on her own was not that surprising.
Back when she had lost the power of the spirit contract and was known as the Lost Queen, she did not spend her days cooped up indoors and wallowing in sadness.
She had made preparations aggressively with the intent to win the Blade Dance and recover her power, even resorting to cheating so as to enroll in the Academy to meet Kamito.
Fianna Ray Ordesia was a girl with a stalwart heart.
"...Either way, this situation is an opportunity."
"Yeah, it's a lot easier than trying to rescue her while she's jailed."
"I hope we find her sooner, before the guards arrive."
Ellis said.
"In that case, rather than working as a group, I think it would be better for us to split up in search of her."
"Yeah, from what I can see, the knights haven't taken action yet—"
Hearing Kamito's suggestion, Claire nodded.
"Then let's split up here and contact one another as soon as we discover Fianna."
Ellis chanted spirit magic quietly and summoned wind spirits.
They were tiny fairies with a flower-like dresses.
"This spirit can pass messages along the wind."
The wind spirits circled in the air before resting on Kamito and Claire's shoulders.
"Absolutely avoid fighting the knights. Run away immediately if you encounter them."
"Yes, I know. Kamito, you be careful too—"
The trio nodded at one another then started running in three separate directions.
Kamito was sprinting along a street, wet from the rain.
Every time he heard footsteps of approaching guards, he hid discreetly and observed the situation.
(...Fianna, where are you?)
He could not imagine her walking along the main road. However, if she were to take the criss-crossing alleys, the guards familiar with the terrain would quickly catch her too.
Perhaps she was headed to an area densely packed with noble residences to seek sanctuary. However, with all the anti-Arneus nobles arrested, would other nobles extend a helping hand to her in good faith, given how isolated she was at the palace to begin with?
—Suddenly, Kamito thought of something.
(—I remember it was mentioned that there are secret passages known only to royals.)
Perhaps she might use one of those.
(...If that's the case, there's nothing we can do.)
Naturally, it would be best if Fianna could escape to safety on her own—
At that moment...
—to... Kamito... -kun... Where, are, you...?
(...!?)
Suddenly, he heard a garbled voice in his mind.
Rather than Ellis' wind spirit, it was sounding directly in his head.
"Fianna, where are you!?"
Kamito stopped walking and could not help but yell.
However, there were no signs of Fianna in the surroundings.
(...Spirit magic for projecting thoughts?)
Kamito closed his eyes and focused his mind to listen to the voice in his head.
Assuming it was that sort of spirit magic, then this voice was unidirectional only. Kamito's voice could not transmit back.
—Kamito-kn... I am... in the shrine's... north corridor—
(...North corridor?)
Right now, Kamito was at the south side where the main entrance was located. He was on the opposite side.
(...I guess it'll be faster to cut through the palace directly?)
Located at the center of the imperial capital, Nefescal Palace should have a large number of knights guarding it securely.
(The risk would be way too big...)
Kamito gritted his teeth. Although it was the shortest route, he would be getting his priorities wrong if he failed to pass through. The only choice was to pass through the labyrinthine nobles district and circle over to the north side.
Having made his decision, he was about to start running when...
—...A-Ahh... Ahhhhhhhh—
"...!?"
Suddenly, he felt a wave of intense noise in his mind.
(...What's happening!?)
Kamito could not help but hold his temples and groan. At the same time, Fianna's earlier intermittent thoughts seemed to be cut off. He could no longer hear her.
(...It sounded something like a scream.)
...Had she encountered something, or perhaps—
"...!"
Kamito gritted his teeth hard and gripped the Demon Slayer tightly.
Then he looked at Nefescal Palace's massive outer gate.
There was no time to hesitate.
"...Looks like I have make a ruckus after all."
Fianna ran as hard as she could, splashing puddles.
She could still sense Kamito's presence earlier, but it was suddenly cut off.
No, not just his presence. By the time she realized, both the footsteps of guards in search of Fianna and the relentless rain had vanished. Even Fianna's own footsteps too—
It was as though her surroundings, the entire space had been isolated.
(...Is this an isolation barrier? No, that's not right—)
At this moment, the space before her eyes suddenly became distorted.
For a second, she thought she was feeling dizzy but—
(...Huh?)
Thud—!
In the next instant, she found herself pinned to the ground by an invisible force.
"...Gah, cough... A-Ah... Ahhhhhhhhh—"
Intense weight. Heavy pressure that felt like it would crush her limbs had completely immobilized her. All the bones in her entire body were screaming in pain. That intense agony was making Fianna scream unintelligibly.
"Oh dear, so here you are, princess—"
"...!?"
Fianna was unable to turn her head to look at the voice's owner.
"It's necessary to teach a lesson to a bad kid who escaped, refusing to give up—"
Saying that, Leschkir Hirschkilt licked her lips in delight.
The sounds of a commotion could be heard coming from the central area of the nobles district.
(...Looks like Kamito is doing great. Now it'll be easy to sneak in.)
Kicking a guard that was collapsed at her feet, Virrey Branford stormed the door to enter.
The Research Tower of Guas Gibai. This white tower was notorious during war time. All alone, it stood inside a forest within the palace's premises.
Not especially large in scale, the tower was also quite inconspicuous in appearance.
But in contrast, what was with this eerie pressure that made one's hairs stand on end—
(I never had this kind of feeling before when I went inside to investigate...)
Virrey dispelled the barrier and stepped into the tower.
There was warmth in the air with the presence of people.
(...Soldiers on watch? Or perhaps researchers working under Arneus—)
Virrey walked silently and ventured into the depths of the tower, ignoring the staircase leading up. The upper levels consisted of reference rooms and research labs. Assuming Greyworth was imprisoned here, she would be underground.
"Oh my, a naughty rat has found its way into my toy chest."
"...!?"
A sudden voice made Virrey look behind her.
"...!?"
Appearing behind her, completely unnoticed was—
"...Y-You are!"
A girl with an eyepatch, dressed in vestments of pure white—Millennia Sanctus—was standing on the stairs, giggling with a smile as she looked down at Virrey.
(...I can't believe I failed to detect her presence even when I'm a special operative knight!?)
Virrey reflexively drew out her gun and poured divine power into it. She had no intention of showing mercy even if the opponent was a child. That thing was a monster. A terrifying monster that was corroding the Empire.
"Fufu, little fool."
Millennia smiled adorably and licked her lips.
"—Well, perfect timing to use for that experiment♪"
"What!?"

"...Tsk, security is definitely tight inside the palace!"
As soon as Kamito stepped into the palace, spirits in the form of hounds instantly attacked.
These were guardian spirits that automatically eliminated intruders. Capable of sensing Kamito's divine power, they would pursue relentlessly to the very end. Confronted with such a pack of well-trained hound spirits, Kamito was not confident he could shake them off.
However, he had to overcome this trial if he were to rush to Fianna's side in the shortest time possible.
"I guess I have to fight—"
Kamito poured divine power into the Demon Slayer while he ran. In the next instant, he took care of a pouncing hound with a slash executed with a turn of his body.
"I won't show mercy. Don't blame me—"
The hounds surrounded him and bared their fangs.
(—Est, Mode Shift!)
'Yes, Kamito—'
Obeying Kamito's will, the Demon Slayer in his hand instantly changed in form.
What appeared in his left and right hands was a pair of daggers, one black and one white. In a situation against multiple enemies, with hounds unversed in martial arts to boot, it was easier to handle them this way.
"Assassination technique—Round Dance of the Twin Snakes!"
Holding one of the daggers in a reverse grip, Kamito lunged into the pack of hounds.
Fast as lightning. With every slash of black and white, a hound would turn back into spirit form, disappearing as particles of light. His figure was like a tornado. Dozens of hounds were beginning to thin in numbers within the blink of an eye.
Chopping down three hounds with one strike, Kamito then dashed forward.
(...Wait for me, Fianna!)
Breaking past the pack of hounds, he charged through a large garden.
"An intruder, take him down immediately!" "The guardian spirits have failed to hold him off, please send reinforcements to the south gate quickly!"
(...Tsk, they're mobilizing huh—)
Kamito clicked his tongue mentally.
The Imperial Knights guarding the palace seemed to have noticed Kamito.
"Est, I'm counting on you—"
'Yes, Kamito—'
Kamito kicked the ground and jumped, bringing his twin daggers together. Immediately, the daggers vanished and the Demon Slayer reappeared in his hand.
Knights in armor came flying from the air. Probably a wind elementalist, one of them extended her palm in midair and released wind spirit magic.
"How could that puny attack work—"
Kamito swept the Demon Slayer horizontally, deflecting the wind blade.
Then he accelerated in one breath.
"Damn it—Take this!"
The wind blades kept attacking, but Kamito dodged them all by the slimmest of margins.
"—Stop getting in my way!"
Kamito poured his entire body's divine power in the Demon Slayer. The silver-white blade instantly turned black. The erupting jet-black lightning then swept away the flying knights.
This was the Vorpal Blast, the prided technique of Ren Ashbell, the Strongest Blade Dancer in the past.
Without looking at the downed knights, Kamito charged on ahead.
—Throb.
His heart was pounding. Refined in his body, divine power was being released explosively.
"Bastard, how dare you—"
Three knights appeared in front of a door. They were all holding melee elemental waffen. They would be hard to take care of if they fought as a combination. The true strength of military knights lay in their group tactics.
(...I have to crush them quickly before they get a chance to work together!)
Kamito kicked the ground hard and accelerated again.
"Absolute Blade Arts, First Form—Purple Lightning!"
Kamito unleashed an explosive thrust with god-like speed.
From the knights' perspective, Kamito must have vanished for an instant. An attack as fast as lightning, destroying the knights' elemental waffen accurately, instantly robbing them of their combat ability.
—Throb, throb.
While taking down the palace knights in front of him, one by one—
Kamito noticed that his heart was beating abnormally fast.
(...What's going on?)
He was clearly swinging the Demon Slayer and even using Absolute Blade Arts—
Yet he could not feel any depletion in divine power.
It was almost like there was an inexhaustible supply of divine power, surging out nonstop from the depths of his body.
(Could this be...)
Kamito recalled what Rubia Elstein had said.
—Do not use divine power recklessly unless you want to be devoured by the power of darkness.
"...!?"
Instantly, Kamito sensed killing intent and jumped.
A flame arrow instantly flew past his shoulder.
Kamito looked at where the arrow had come from.
Six knights were on a palace wall with bow-shaped elemental waffen readied.
"Stop the intruder, dead or alive!"
In the next instant, a rain of flame arrows fell.
"...Ah, guh, ooh... Oooooh...!"
While Fianna endured heavy pressure that seemed to crush all her bones, a scream was forced out from her throat.
An invisible force was pinning Fianna to the ground while two strange spinning spheres were hovering over her head.
"Dame Leschkir Hirschkilt...!"
"Oh dear, you're still able to speak, Your Highness."
Leschkir laughed and snapped her fingers.
Instantly, the gravity spheres rotated even faster, increasing the pressure further.
"...Gah, hah...!"
Fianna coughed a mouthful of blood. With her respiratory system under pressure, she had difficulty even catching her breath.
Seeing Fianna panting, seeking air, Dame Leschkir stepped on her head from above.
"...Ugh..."
"What a bad princess. Not only did you attempt to assassinate His Majesty but you even broke out of prison."
"...No, that's wrong... I didn't know, of any... assassination... plan..."
Fianna mustered all her strength to force out an explanation.
Dame Leschkir was an elite Numbers knight, charged with defending the Empire. Perhaps she might understand if Fianna were to reveal the Holy Kingdom's conspiracy. There was a shred of hope.
"Please, believe—"
Dame Leschkir smiled and nodded simply.
"...Huh?"
Greatly surprised, Fianna exclaimed in shock.
...She was hit by an intense sense of dissonance.
A chill rose up along her spine—
"After all, I am the one who located that Dusk Witch's demon spirit."
"...!?"
Fianna widened her dusk-colored eyes.
"...What is... the meaning of this...?"
"Everything is for a certain exalted one. In order to let this world start all over again."
"...W-What are you talking, about—"
It took Fianna a few seconds to comprehend what her words meant.
—Then she finally noticed.
The woman before her eyes was—
"Dame Leschkir... Don't tell me, you're the Holy Kingdom's—"
"Hmph, what a clever little princess. You are far more worthy of the throne than that stupid brother of yours."
The Numbers woman licked her lips and smiled seductively.
"That is why I must ask you to disappear, Your Highness."
"...Ah... A-Ahhhhhhhhh...!"
Increasing in pressure again, the gravity field exerted heavy force on Fianna's limbs together with the space. Her bones cracked audibly. Astounding agony made her consciousness almost about to fade away—
"A lovely sound, Princess. However, how much longer can you endure?"
The color of sadism surfaced in Leschkir Hirschkilt's eyes.
She was taking twisted pleasure in abusing Fianna, a member of royalty.
"Although Prince Arneus wants to keep you alive for now—"
She licked her lips.
"Accidents aren't always avoidable."
"—Ohhhhhhhhhhhhh!"
Wielding the Demon King's Sword, shining with black light, Kamito dashed into the rain of flaming arrows.
Deflecting the downpour of arrows, he charged all at once.
"Stop him! How can he be allowed to invade the imperial palace!?"
The captain of the royal guard shouted sharply.
The flame arrows kept firing. Seeing his cloak shot by an arrow and catching fire, Kamito took it off with one hand.
In that instant, the knights on the tower all exclaimed in surprise.
"He is...!"
"No way, the victorious team of the Blade Dance—"
"I can't believe it's a male elementalist!?"
Kamito's feats during the Blade Dance tournament had already reached all the elementalists across the entire continent. This included defeating Dracunia's Leonora during the final round as well as that Strongest Blade Dancer, Ren Ashbell...
"S-Surround him and attack in unison!"
The captain gave orders and the knights attacked methodically with their elemental waffen.
(...Exactly what I wanted!)
Holding the Demon Slayer in a reverse grip, Kamito charged ahead.
"Absolute Blade Arts, Third Form—Shadowmoon Waltz!"
Amidst flying sand and dust, an instant dance of countless slashes.
Accustomed to orthodox sword styles, the knights were completely helpless when confronted with the Absolute Blade Arts' myriad changing and flowing forms.
"Impossible, my steel spirit couldn't even take one blow!" "W-What, that elemental waffe is...!"
The knights were instantly plunged into panic and the encirclement fell into disarray.
Seizing this chance, Kamito rushed into the knights.
—Throb. Throb. Throb.
With every swing of the sword, power would pulsate intensely, surging from the depths of his body. Despite using the Demon King's Sword, notorious for its high consumption, his divine power showed no signs of depletion at all.
(...Gah, damn, it...!)
'—Kamito, watch out. At this rate, your body will not endure.'
Est's warning sounded in his mind but Kamito—
(—Don't worry. Keep going.)
While chopping down knights in front of him, Kamito mentally shook his head.
'No, Kamito, you are not the usual Kamito—'
(...Yeah, I know... But—)
If he were to stop here now, he would never reach Fianna's side in time.
"Ohhhhhhhhhhhh!"
'Kamito—'
Once he focused his entire attention on battle, even Est's voice could no longer be heard.
—Throb. Throb. Throb. Throb.
(...Is this the Darkness Elemental Lord's power?)
Faced with impulses of brutality, he felt as though his entire body was devoured—
(...In that case, I'll absorb it instead!)
The knights' encirclement net collapsed completely. Kamito could see the entrance leading to the north corridor.
Fianna should be in that direction.
Flame arrows were shot at Kamito nonstop while he released divine power to accelerate.
However, the downpour of arrows was all deflected and disappeared before they could strike Kamito.
"Why... Why, why can't we stop him!?"
The captain of the knights yelled in a fluster.
"Demon King..." "That's the Demon King...!"
Panic spread throughout the palace knights.
If someone with outstanding talent as a princess maiden were present, they would probably be able to see it.
They would see black miasma enveloping Kamito's entire body as though eating away at him—
"Focus everyone's fire to stop him!"
Realizing where Kamito was charging towards, the captain shouted.
The knights arranged themselves before the entrance, entering a defensive formation.
This was the Imperial Knights' famed "iron wall" formation.
"Although the old lady ordered me not to use this against third-rate opponents—"
Kamito poured divine power into the Demon King's Sword, forcing a Mode Shift into twin blades.
"—Sorry, I'm not holding back!"
Absolute Blade Arts, Destructive Form—Bursting Blossom Spiral Blade Dance - Sixteen Consecutive Strikes・Lightning Flare!
While silver-white slashes flew in all directions, jet-black lightning erupted at the same time.
"Fufu, I will crush that adorable face of yours for you, Princess—"
"...Ah... Guh, ooh...!"
The spinning gravity sphere overhead descended slowly. With the slightest touch, Fianna's body would surely be torn apart effortlessly.
(...Kamito... -kun...)
With her entire body in abject agony, Fianna gritted her teeth.
...Such chagrin.
Four years prior, Fianna had failed to stop her best friend, Rubia, and lost the power of the spirit contract.
—In the days after that, she had lost all hope.
But at the Blade Dance three years ago, she found light.
Drawn to Ren Ashbell's blade dancing, admiration grew in her heart.
Hence, she had sworn to become as strong as Ren Ashbell.
Then three years passed. Fianna encountered "her" again and advanced through the Blade Dance triumphantly together with her teammates.
This irreplaceable glory was earned by her only power.
However, if things were to end in such a place—
—Even when she had yet to convey to him the words she wanted to say.
(Kamito-kun... I—)
"Farewell, Your Highness—"
Leschkir closed her palm as though crushing a fruit.
"...Ah, guh... Ahhhhhhhhhh!"
Instantly, Fianna's throat emitted a scream of sorrow.
"Ahaha, yes, yes, please scream better, Lost Queen."
While her consciousness was gradually fading, she heard Leschkir's mocking laughter.
"Kamito... -kun..."
In a barely audible voice, Fianna spoke that name. In that very instant...
A flash of light raced past.
(...Huh?)
The sphere over her head exploded. Gone was the barrier of gravity.
"...! What!?"
Leschkir widened her eyes in surprise. Let alone Fianna, even she had failed to react, third ranked of the Numbers as she were.
The slicing attack had flashed past like a bolt of purple lightning.
A jet-black dagger appeared before Fianna's eyes.
Fianna looked behind her from her collapsed posture on the ground.
—Only to see that he was there.
While walking towards her, he spoke quietly.
"—You've waited long enough, Fianna."
"You've waited long enough, Fianna—"
"...Kamito... -kun..."
Fianna squeezed out a feeble voice, whispering that name.
—The name of him whom she had been waiting for the whole time.
"...Kazehaya Kamito!?"
Leschkir widened her eyes and exclaimed.
"W-Why are you here!?"
However, Kamito ignored her and knelt down next to Fianna.
He touched her shoulder lightly. Her leg seemed to have a fracture and she could not stand up on her own.
"You, arrived... Kamito, -kun..."
"No need to speak. You've done well, Fianna."
Kamito gently stroked her head while she spoke in fragments.
"...Ah, ooh..."
Her pure-white dress was tattered beyond recognition, exposing her tender skin.
Kamito took off his uniform jacket and draped it over Fianna's back. With healing prayers woven into the uniform, it should offer some level of relief.
"I heard your voice, Fianna. That's why I hurried over—"
"...I always believed you'd come."
Still collapsed on the ground, she smiled.
"...Listen up, conversation is over, okay?"
Leschkir spoke coldly.
Hearing that, Kamito slowly looked up and glared at her.
Instantly, Leschkir's entire body shuddered.
Kamito's aura of fury, carrying fierce divine power, was shaking the air.
"...So it's you who harmed Fianna huh?"
Kamito whispered then pulled out the Vorpal Blade, one of the Twin Daggers of Darkness, that had embedded itself in the ground.
"...Tsk, what are the knights doing?"
In response, Leschkir looked around her in a fluster.
However—
"I've already defeated all of your Imperial Knights in the palace on my way here."
"What—"
Leschkir was dumbstruck.
"W-What a funny joke. How could that be possible—"
"You think it's funny? Then why is no one coming here?"
Kamito brought together the two daggers in his hands and poured in divine power. The white and black blades instantly glowed, transforming into the Demon King's Sword—Terminus Est Zwei.
Maintaining his posture as though drawing a sword naturally, Kamito took a step in Leschkir's direction.
"...!"
Faced with his movement, Leschkir took a step back.
It was an involuntary action prompted by fear.
He took a step closer. She stepped back.
Another step forward. Another step back.
"What's the matter? You're tarnishing the name of the Empire's strongest, the Numbers."
"Gah..."
Another step forward—This time, she did not step back. But rather than her pride as a Numbers knight, it was merely because she had her back against a mountain of rubble.
Another step forward...
"...C-Curse you—"
Leschkir extended one hand and released a gravity sphere.
This offensive magic was supposed to be able to instantly turn a building of stone into a mountain of rubble.
However—
"Useless—"
Kamito simply swatted it away with one hand.
"...How... impossible!?"
Leschkir groaned in shock. The phenomenon of deflecting an attack of spirit magic without using an elemental waffe was completely beyond the realm of common sense.
"...What is this!? What the hell are you!?"
Leschkir continued to fire magical attacks.
However, Kamito brushed off all attacks with his bare hands without even dodging.
"...Kamito-kun!?"
Fianna widened her dusk-colored eyes. Although Leschkir could not see it, Fianna witnessed it clearly. The miasma of darkness shrouding Kamito's entire body was erasing her magic completely.
"...I won't forgive you for hurting Fianna like that."
"Why... Why...!?"
One step, another step—As Kamito gradually approached, she unleashed gravity spheres like torrential rain.
"Like I said, it's useless—"
Kamito said in boredom while stepping on debris.
"...Damn, it...!"
Possibly because Kamito's calm attitude was hurting her pride, Leschkir suddenly changed her expression.
"F-Fine, in that case, I'll tear you apart together with the entire space—!"
Leschkir's deployed elemental waffe began to spin at high speed in the air.
Instantly, a powerful gravitational field was produced, distorting the surrounding space.
Kamito's feet sank into the ground, creating depressions where he stepped.
(...Tsk, this is a bit of a pain.)
Kamito clicked his tongue.
Although he had his miasma of darkness to defend his body, if this continued, he would be immobilized, only taking hits one-sidedly.
"F-Fufu... Now you can't even take another step!"
"...Kamito... -kun...!"
Caught in the gravitational field, Fianna panted in pain.
"Ahaha, be crushed together with the princess like this!"
Leschkir laughed noisily.
Kamito reached out to Fianna and embraced her protectively.
The miasma of darkness immediately enveloped Fianna's entire body, protecting her from the gravitational field.
"Kamito-kun... I am fine now... So... run away—"
"—Idiot, I already promised. To take you back."
"Promised?"
BOOM!
The gravitational field grew stronger, pinning the two of them firmly to the ground.
"...Gah, ugh, ugh...!"
"...So it's not that easy to escape after all."
Continuing to hold Fianna in his embrace, Kamito whispered in her ear.
"Fianna, can your elemental waffe break this gravitational field?"
"—Huh?"
After some contemplation—
"...Yes, I think so."
Fianna nodded.
Fianna's Save the Queen was an elemental waffe that constructed a barrier in the area surrounding the user. It should be possible to erase this gravitational field by using that.
"But in my current state, I..."
Fianna's divine power was depleted. Let alone deploying an elemental waffe, even summoning the knight spirit would be difficult.
—However, Kamito had an idea.
Although it was a risky gamble, current circumstances did not allow for hesitation.
"Fianna, can you trust me?"
"Huh?"
Fianna showed puzzlement in response to Kamito's question.
"I'll ask again, can you trust me?"
Kamito looked Fianna straight in the eye.
"Do you even need to ask?"
"Then close your eyes—"
"Huh?"
Driven by the violent impulse surging from the depths of his being—
Kamito embraced Fianna and took her lips.
"...!?"
Fianna widened her dusk-colored eyes.
However, she soon closed them again. Relaxing herself, she leaned against him.
"...Mmm, smooch..."
In this manner, their tongues naturally tangled together as though licking.
"...Mmm, huff, mmmm..."
The feeling of lips brought together. Fianna sought Kamito single-mindedly while Kamito greedily hugged her shoulders tight.
"...Mmm... Yah... Mmm..."
Enormous divine power flowed into Fianna.
This unruly and violent divine power seemed to trample her entire being.
Through her intuition as a princess maiden, Fianna understood. This was a taboo power.
A dark power that elementalists, who were supposed to be pure maidens, were absolutely forbidden to touch.
However, she did not resist. Like a howling storm, the violent divine power circulated within her body—
"Mmm... Smooch, huff..."
—Finally, their lips separated.
Swooning, Fianna looked at Kamito in rapture.
"Are you okay?"
"Y-Yes..."
Fianna nodded.
Holding Kamito's hand, she used the miasma of darkness to repel the gravity barrier and slowly stood up straight.
Then she raised her right hand vertically and began to chant words of summoning.
—Thou, servant of the king of the child of man, knight and master swordsman!
—By the contract of the old blood, become the sword that protects me, come forth and do my bidding!
Her adorable voice sounded inside the distorted space.
The raging divine power within her instantly overflowed and was released in one breath. That feeling was like when she summoned Georgios at the abandoned mine city several months earlier.
—Its appellation reads thus, Save the Queen.
Appearing in Fianna's hand was a rapier with intricate engravings.
Then she stabbed its tip into the ground, producing a surge of pure light, neutralizing the gravity barrier.
"W-What!?"
Leschkir cried out in surprise.
"I can't believe you countered my gravity cage—?"
Fianna extended the rapier towards her and declared:
"Dame Leschkir Hirschkilt, in light of your alleged treason in conspiring with the Holy Kingdom, I, Fianna Ray Ordesia, Second Princess of the Empire, hereby condemn you!"
"...Damn you, Lost Queeeeeeeen!"
In a panic, Leschkir shot out her gravity sphere elemental waffe.
But it was too late. Kamito had already sprung into action.
"Take your punishment, Leschkir Hirschkilt—"
He poured the amplifying elemental waffe's power into the Demon King's Sword.
"Absolute Blade Arts, First Form—Purple Lightning!"
The jet-black slash pierced Leschkir's body and the gravity sphere alike.

Under the unrelenting rain...
Kamito stabbed the Demon Slayer into a pile of collapsed debris.
Leschkir Hirschkilt had lost consciousness completely, collapsed pitifully on the ground.
However, she looked like she was still breathing. Although this move was impossible to hold back by nature, she had avoided getting struck in a vital. As a member of Numbers after all, she would not die that simply.
Kamito looked down at his own hands.
It was not hard for him to notice that the raging power surging from the depths of his body was now gradually fading like a tide.
(...What the heck was that just now?)
A moment's carelessness and he would have been devoured by an impulse to destroy everything and subjugate all creation.
(...The Darkness Elemental Lord's power huh?)
Just as Rubia had said, the power had been unshackled—
"...!"
Suddenly feeling drained of strength, Kamito collapsed on the spot.
"...Kamito-kun!"
Fianna frantically caught Kamito by the arm.
"I'll apply healing magic right now."
"Yeah, thanks..."
The runaway power of darkness had subsided. As long as they kept close physical contact, her magic probably would not get deflected.
Fianna's fingers caressed Kamito's arms gently while the light of healing promoted his recovery from fatigue. Sure enough, her power had been amplified greatly too.
At this moment, Fianna wrapped her arms around Kamito from behind.
"...Fianna?"
"Sorry, let me stay like this for a while."
"..."
Hearing her trembling voice, Kamito relaxed himself.
"...Uh, sorry about earlier... Forcing you—"
"No need to apologize, you idiot."
"...S-Sorry."
Kamito blushed. Seeing that, Fianna chuckled with a smile.
However, Kamito's guilt did not go away. Although there were pressing circumstances, he had ultimately shared the Darkness Elemental Lord's power with her.
"Fianna, uh, about just now—"
"Y-Yes, it will be our secret."
"T-That's not what I mean—"
Kamito scratched his cheek in embarrassment.
(...Judging from the way it looks currently, Fianna doesn't seem to be facing any bad effects.)
Fianna buried her face in Kamito's back.
"I believed you'd surely come."
"...Yeah, sorry I was late."
Fianna wiped her tears on her dress hem.
Then with a look of determination...
"Smooch♪"
She landed a kiss on Kamito's cheek like a light peck from a bird.
"...Fianna!?"
Her dusk-colored eyes were quivering.
There was not the slightest hint of mischief as per her usual pranks.
Her eyes were staring straight at Kamito sincerely.
In response—
Kamito was just about to speak when in that instant...
He felt an intense chill along his back.
"...!?"
Instantly, he pushed Fianna away.
In the next instant, a thrust attacked, fast as lightning—
"...Ah, urgh...!"
It pierced Kamito's abdomen.
The spurting blood dyed the ground, which was wet from the rain, red.
"Kamito-kun!?"
He heard Fianna's voice.
What the heck had happened? Kamito still had not fully digested the situation at hand.
However, an incomprehensible reality had shown up.
(...That move just now, could it be—)
He had seen nothing.
Let alone the flash of a sword, he had not even detected any movement.
(—Absolute Blade Arts... Purple Lightning...?)
Also, it was a grade faster than Kamito could perform the move, no, several grades faster.
(...Impossible, I should be the only one who inherited the Absolute Blade Arts...)
"Oh? Although I didn't go all out, I never expected that move just now to miss its mark—"
"...!?"
Hearing the voice, Kamito looked up forcefully.
(...No way... Impossible, right?)
Standing there was—

—You've waited long enough, Fianna!
...So it goes. Sorry for making everyone wait for so long. I hereby present to you the 14th volume of Seirei Tsukai no Blade Dance, "Upheaval in the Imperial Capital"!
First, let me apologize. Due to various reasons on the production side, it took an entire year before another installment of this series could be released. I offer my sincere apologies to everyone who had to wait so long. The story is gradually reaching a climax, but the series will keep going. I hope my dear readers will continue to support the series.
Second of all, there was a sudden announcement. Sakura Hanpen-sensei, who had been serving as the illustrator for this series, had to resign due to health reason. I am terribly sorry for everyone who looked forward to Sakura Hanpen-sensei's drawings. Likewise, I am equally disappointed but this was the only conclusion after a discussion with the editorial department. Although it's a bit disorienting, I hope you can accept this outcome, dear readers.
Seirei Tsukai no Blade Dance is a series I built together with Sakura Hanpen-sensei. I am deeply grateful to Sensei for giving Kamito, Claire, Est and everyone else such splendid and adorable designs, as well as producing such beautiful illustrations every time. This series developing into such a big series is partially due to Sakura Hanpen-sensei's credit. Touring bookshops, attending events and holding an autograph session at Taiwan, these are all precious memories I share with Sensei. Thank you very much for the past four years.
Likewise, I am very grateful to Umeda Kano-sensei, who draws very cute super-deformed characters. Every time, I am very happy to see your illustrations.
Taking over illustrations, we have Nimura Yuuji-sensei who is currently active as the illustrator for Leviathan of the Covenant. The reason we selected Sensei out of many candidates was because we prioritized Nimura-sensei's ability to bring out the characters' charm to the max. As for the result—I'm sure everyone has seen it already. From here on, I will continue to work hard in a new system with Nimura-sensei and the manga adaptation's Hyouju Issei-sensei. Please continue to support us, dear readers.
Hyouju Issei-sensei's manga adaptation is currently serializing in Comic Alive with great critical acclaim, reaching the fourth volume. The manga version not only reproduces scenes from the original story in high quality but also draws out depths in psychological descriptions and plot that surpasses the original. I highly recommend it. If you find a chance, please check it out.
—Also, also, although it's almost a year ago, I still have to say this. The anime adaptation of Blade Dance aired. Did everyone watch it? Personally, I loved the anime a lot and rewatched it over and over again, who knows how many times. I have to say that the heroines are all very cute. Kamito is very cool and the original story's atmosphere has been recreated accurately. Director Yanagisawa Tetsuya-sama, scriptwriter Yoshimura Takao-sama, and everyone in the staff, I hereby express my deep gratitude. The anime's blu-rays and DVDs come with many goodies including special short stories, mini-OVAs, audio commentary tracks, character song CDs, TRPGs etc, so please don't miss out. Especially the character songs, they're really awesome.
Also, I almost attended every single event featuring the voice actress unit, Kneesocks. Attending a live concert event for the first time, wearing a Blade Dance t-shirt during the performance, waving color-changing glowsticks, I felt very excited in body and mind.
Most important of all, that finale blade dance scene was definitely the most unforgettable memory in my life. From the bottom of my heart, I felt really glad that I wrote this story. It's truly wonderful that the members of Team Scarlet could be brought to life by the performances of the voice actors.
Over the past year, I've received encouragement and support from many people. Those of you who sent letters, those who filled out the comment section in surveys, readers who waited patiently, I cannot express my gratitude to all of you enough. Speaking of surveys, Rinslet-san's popularity exploded in Volume 13. Although Est still held onto first place, she surpassed Restia to take second. 4th was Claire while Kamito rose to 5th. Although Rinslet-san doesn't appear much in this volume, she will be back in Volume 15, so please don't worry. Also, who on earth is the mysterious enemy who appeared at the end? You must be very curious, right? (The hint is in Volume 8).
—Thus, let us meet again for the tumultuous installment that comes next, Volume 15, "The Dragon King of Dracunia" (tentative). Yay!

Shimizu Yuu, June 2015


Hello again to readers of Leviathan of the Covenant. Nice to meet you to many other readers.
I am Nimura Yuuji and starting this volume, I will be taking Sakura Hanpen-sensei's place to illustrate this series.
I felt a lot of pressure because I heard this was a very popular series, so until the very end, I was still hesitating whether to accept the job or not. But it's only because the editor and Shimizu-sensei gave me a push from behind that I am now serving as this work's illustrator.
The story seems like it might be entering a spurt to head into its final arc? Now that I've introduced myself, let's treat each other well even though our time together might be short.
...Since this is the first time, I'm wrapping up with slightly more formal greetings.
—I am here, Kamito. Undoubtedly here in your heart.
Echoing in his mind was her voice.
A gentle voice that one could submerge oneself within.
However, she was no longer in this world. The spirit seal that stood as evidence of the contract had already vanished. Only a moon-like crest remained branded on his right hand.
In order to protect Kamito, she had left behind the power of darkness.
This power was bequeathed to Terminus Est, the Demon King's Sword.
(...Restia's will has already become a part of my heart, but—)
Lying on the bed in his room right now, Kamito reached out to block the light in front of his eyes.
He had already discarded the black leather glove he used to wear on his left hand.
...Right now, with the seal gone, it was no longer necessary to wear that thing.
"Because, you're already..."
Kamito sighed lightly. Suddenly, he felt an alarming squirming under his sheets.
"...!?"
Kamito frantically pulled his sheets.
"...Wah, that feels cold, Kamito."
The adorable silver-haired spirit emerged from under Kamito's sheets.
To Kamito, this was already a scene that could not be more familiar. However, this sight—
"E-Est, what's with your look..."
Indeed, Est was not in her usual naked kneesocks getup.
Two twisted horns, one on each side of her head. The snow-like complexion of her skin was covered by a bondage suit of black leather. Pitch-black wings sprouted from her back. Her mysterious violet eyes looked down coldly at Kamito from above.
In contrast to her usual purity and innocence, Est was currently the very image of depravity and seduction.
(...N-No way—!)
Kamito suddenly realized that Est had inherited Restia's power of darkness as the Demon King's Sword. Did she turn into this under that power's influence?
"—Kamito."
Dressed in the black outfit, Est touched Kamito's lip lightly with her index finger.
Sultry to the point of shaking Kamito to the core, her appearance was making his heart pound uncontrollably.
"Est, y-you..."
"No, I am no longer the sacred sword Terminus Est."
"...Huh?"
Seeing Est shake her head in disagreement, Kamito was at a loss for words.
Expressionlessly, Est gazed at Kamito.
"I am... the spirit that has fallen into darkness, Dark Est."
"Dark... Est...?"
"Indeed. I am now the messenger of eternal night, the existence that shall plunge the world into darkness—"
Est gently closed her violet eyes and declared lightly in a voice so sorrowful that it almost plunged the listener into darkness.
"...Hey Est."
Resting his forehead against his hand, Kamito sighed while reaching one hand towards Est's head.
"Ah, what are you doing, Kamito?"
With her horns suddenly plucked off, Est frantically tried to snatch them back.
...So light. They felt as though they were made of something like cardboard.
"...Jeez. Where the heck did you find these things?"
Kamito asked lightly while dodging Est's hands that were trying to snatch back the horns.
...Well, the answer was obvious. Most likely from among a certain princess's ritual equipment or something like that.
"Kamito, please return that to me."
Est made a rare, shaken look.
"Without that, I cannot become Dark Est."
"...Then just don't become that whatever Dark Est. By the way, what exactly is Dark Est?"
"Yes, because Kamito won't play with me recently, I have turned into a bad girl."
Est's words shocked Kamito.
Indeed, Kamito had been pondering the issue of Restia's disappearance for the past few days, leaving him no time to spend with Est. She was apparently sulking for this reason.
"S-Sorry Est."
Kamito apologized while stroking Est's silver hair gently.
"Huah~"
"But you must turn back to the original Est for me. I still like the usual Est better."
While Kamito was hugging her in his arms and stroking her head lightly, the legendary sword spirit half closed her eyes in pleasure.
"Yes, Kamito."
Est nodded.
"—I am your sword, your wish is my command."
...Rustle, rustle.
Est started to take off the black bondage suit while still being held in Kamito's arms.
"W-Wait! You don't have to strip right here—"
Just as Kamito was about to stop her—
"Kamito-san, bad news!"
Suddenly, his room door flew open.
"...What!?"
Barging into the room, the girl stared with her emerald eyes wide.
A dazzlingly beautiful face, adorned with sleek, lustrous platinum blonde hair.
The visitor turned out to be Rinslet Laurenfrost, the daughter of Margrave Laurenfrost from the Ordesia Empire.
"...~K-Kamito-san, what, exactly, are you doing!?"
"H-Hold on! This is a misunderstanding, Est was saying she's going to plunge the world into darkness, umm—"
Kamito desperately tried to explain but—
He was currently sitting in bed, holding in his arms a half-naked spirit in the form of a beautiful young girl. No amount of explaining could ever help.
"Th-That is truly too vulgar. Sure enough, Kamito-san, you are the king of lust."
"Rinslet! Lower your voice or else people will hear outside—"
"Kamito, this outfit is hard to take off because of the wings."
"Like I said, stop stripping!"
"So you prefer a partial state of undress, Kamito?"
"...!?"
"...Kamito-san!!"
Byoooooooo...!
Cold air exploded from all over Rinslet's body, freezing the air in the room all at once.
Frost appeared on the window. The rug underfoot was also frozen solid.
"—Seriously, what exactly are you two doing?"
"...Eh?"
As Kamito exclaimed in surprise, a giant white wolf appeared outside the door—Rinslet's contracted spirit, Fenrir.
"Fenrir... Y-You can talk?"
Completely forgetting the crisis at hand, Kamito asked in shock.
However, Fenrir shook his head.
"No, I am merely borrowing the body of this demon ice spirit."
Kamito remembered this voice.
The clear voice of a girl's, conveying strong willpower.
"...Could it be, you're the Water Elemental Lord?"
"Listen carefully, Demon King's successor. I have very important things to tell you right now."
"...Very important things?"
Fenrir nodded affirmatively, his eyes shining brightly as they stared at Kamito.

—Great Festival of the Spirits. On that day, militarized spirits of unknown origin had taken the opportunity to attack the Academy.
Not only the Academy but the town at the foot of the mountain was also caught up in this incident. Several days had passed since then.
Almost half of the attacked Academy was wrecked. Led by Greyworth, the teachers were actively discussing solutions. Including Ellis the captain, all members of the Sylphid Knights ceased their duties since lessons at the Academy were also suspended in the meantime. The majority of the highborn daughters had returned to their families' territories. Even the Raven Class dorm where Kamito lived was no exception.
Kamito's roommate, Claire, had returned home to meet her parents who had been released. A special pardon had been granted due to Team Scarlet's victory in the Blade Dance.
The other roommate, Fianna, had already set off even before Claire, making her return to the imperial family. Although Fianna had already given up her succession rights to the throne and left the imperial family, due to retrieving her power of the spirit contract, no matter how reluctant Fianna felt, occasions when she was summoned back as an important member of the imperial family were gradually getting more frequent.
Hence, the only two people currently remaining at the student dormitory were Kamito who had nowhere else to go and Rinslet who had yet to return to her family's territory. Her departure was delayed because recent snowfall contrary to seasonal norms had blocked the mountain route back to Laurenfrost territory.
(...That snowstorm might be related to the rampage of the Elemental Lords.)
Thinking over these matters, Kamito picked up the cup of black tea prepared on the table.
"...Mmm, smells so good."
"That goes without saying, these are top-quality tea leaves, a Laurenfrost local specialty."
Sitting on Kamito's right, Rinslet smiled proudly.
"Yeah, but I think it's because you brewed the tea personally, Rinslet."
"...! You are not getting anywhere even if you flatter me."
Blushing, Rinslet went "hmph" and turned her face away.
There were also many tasty-looking snacks on the table, the scones she had baked this morning. Sweet syrup was dripped over the crisp surfaces of the scone. Truly delicious.
Having taken off her Dark Est outfit, Est had changed into her uniform and was stuffing herself with scones beside Kamito. Meanwhile, sitting on the floor, the white wolf was using its paws to hold a teacup nimbly, enjoying the black tea.
"It is truly suffering that this body cannot enjoy the tea and snacks that you've prepared specially. I would really love to savor those pancakes of yours again some time."
"Just let me know any time and I could make offerings to you at the imperial capital's shrine."
Rinslet bowed her head respectfully and answered.
After a short while, Kamito returned his cup to the table and said:
"So—"
Cutting straight to the point.
"So what is the important thing you mentioned just now?"
"...Yes. Counting today, it is something that happened four days ago."
The elemental lord's incarnation appearing in a white wolf's form—Iseria—started speaking solemnly.
"The Divine Ritual Institute's Queens have observed the appearance of a Gate at a certain location in the human realm."
"Gate...?"
Kamito frowned.
"You mean an Astral Gate?"
At special locations such as the Spirit Forest, it was perfectly natural for Gates leading to Astral Zero to manifest. In actual fact, the Academy's Sylphid Knights were frequently troubled by the spirits and beasts that accidentally pass through the Astral Gates.
"...That Gate, is there a problem?"
"A Gate appearing in the human realm is in itself nothing particularly special. However, that forest is not a place where ordinary gates can manifest."
"...A gate outside of the Spirit Forest, you're saying?"
"Is something like that even possible?"
Seeing Rinslet not entirely convinced, Iseria nodded solemnly.
"Indeed. Due to the Elemental Lords going insane, it is uncertain whether anomalies could occur between Astral Zero and the human realm. Feeling a bit concerned, I sent subordinate spirits to investigate the place where the Gate had appeared. In the end, nothing anomalous was found, but—"
The white wolf's round eyes stared straight at Kamito.
"The spirits I sent over there found something strange in the vicinity."
"...Something strange?"
"—Yes, a girl with hair the color of darkness, wearing a dress of black."
"...!"
Kamito stared wide-eyed.
That image of her, carved into his mind, instantly surged forth.
"—A final farewell, Kamito."
Tears streamed down her cheeks.
"Miss Sacred Sword, please protect... Kamito well..."
(...Yeah, she—should have disappeared already. Only remaining in my heart.)
For the sake of saving Kamito from the Darkness Elemental Lord's control—
Looking at his left hand where the spirit seal had already disappeared, Kamito then stared at the elemental lord's incarnation in front of him. An anxious voice was squeezed out of his throat:
"...This must be a coincidence. I'm sure girls dressed like that can be found everywhere."
"Indeed, it could be a coincidence. Girls in dresses can be found in any number on this continent."
Iseria nodded honestly.
"However, that girl suddenly appeared in a forest at the border. How large of a coincidence is that? And the gate also happened to be observed four days ago."
"Speaking of four days ago—"
Rinslet spoke up in surprise:
"That would be the very day when Kamito-san retrieved his memories, isn't it!?"
"..."
Four days earlier, in order to retrieve Est who was sealed in the Burial Chamber, Kamito had gone to the underground military installation. That was where he had been attacked by Lurie Lizaldia of the Numbers. Severely injured on the verge of death, Kamito had awakened Restia's consciousness, reviving his own memories.
Was this still coincidence?
"...Restia is still alive, isn't she?"
Iseria shook her head.
"I do not know. Perhaps I have merely given you a bubble of hope. Your contracted spirit, Restia Ashdoll, had disappeared completely, this is what you experienced personally, what you witness personally with your own eyes. However, suppose... Suppose a part of her remained and passed through the Gate to the human realm—"
"...!"
(But she—)
The left hand's spirit seal had vanished completely... Yes.
Currently, he could not even sense her presence the slightest.
A girl resembling Restia had appeared in that forest.
...That was all. There was no proof to confirm at all.
Kamito looked at the seal on his right hand.
...She's here, only here.
"That is all I have to tell you. I will leave the rest to you, Demon King's successor."
Iseria shook her head lightly and spoke.
Kamito bowed his head.
"I..."
He exhaled deeply.
It was impossible to assert that the girl was Restia.
Perhaps this would bring even deeper despair.
However—
Suddenly, Kamito felt something tug his sleeve.
Kamito looked back to find Est's mysterious violet eyes currently staring at him.
"That darkness spirit is my rival. She will not disappear so easily."
"Est..."
Est held Kamito's right hand tightly.
The hand where Restia's crest was branded—
"..."
"..."
"Yes, so..."
Kamito took a deep breath and nodded.
(...For me, my decision is already more obvious than anything.)
Indeed, no matter how small the possibility.
—No more hesitation.
Kamito turned to face Iseria and asked:
"So, where exactly is it? Where did the Gate appear?"
"The boundary between the Ordesia Empire and the Holy Kingdom of Lugia, the border forest."
"The Empire and the Holy Kingdom's boundary? In other words—"
"Indeed, it is Laurenfrost territory."
"...Mmm, ooh..."
The girl opened her eyes—
First to enter her view were the leaves covering the ground and the ceiling.
(...Where is this?)
Just as she was about to get up, she noticed.
It looked like she was lying on a bed woven from grass.
There was almost no sunlight streaming in. A dark room. Incense was burning, filling the air with a choking smell.
Her gorgeous hair of darkness draped down, scattered.
Just at this moment—
"Oh, Onee-chan has woken up!"
"Hurry and tell Rana-sama!"
Suddenly, she heard these voices.
"...?"
She looked over to the direction of the voices.
In front of the room's tiny door, a group of children was gathered.
Their snow-white complexion was reminiscent of white oak. Hair the color of green jade. Pointy ears. Pairs of shining crimson eyes were watching her in curiosity.
(...These children are?)
...She searched her memories desperately.
Why was she in this kind of place?
Before losing consciousness, she was definitely wandering in a forest, it should be something like that—
(Right, I was being chased by something...)
Gradually, her memories grew clear.
When she first woke up, it was in a cold, dark forest.
Hearing terrifying howls everywhere, she ran desperately.
She could not remember what was chasing her.
All she was certain was that she was just about to be caught by something.
(...But I tripped over something and fell.)
...That was only natural. Sitting up in bed, the girl confirmed her condition. Under the long hem of the black dress, she was wearing boots decorated with cute ribbons.
...Attire unsuited for running in the forest no matter how you looked.
Inside the dark forest, the girl could not move.
If she continued to lie down there, she would probably become food for wild beasts eventually. Or lose her life to something even more terrifying.
Indeed, just like forest spirits—
(But in the end, what I encountered were not spirits. Right, they were—)
...She remembered. They were humans.
Passing through the forest, an old human couple who were carrying firewood on their backs.
(Those two people saved me and gave me food and water—)
"Onee-chan—"
One of the children called out. The boy's clear voice brought her back to reality from her thoughts.
"Onee-chan was captured by humans."
"Yeah! That's why we rescued Onee-chan."
The children in the surroundings all nodded.
"...You rescued me?"
On the bed, the girl leaned her head forward.
"Could it be, you took those friendly elderly people and—"
The girl cried out, her face deathly pale.
"—We didn't kill them. Just scared them a bit then stole their memories."
Walking in—
A girl dressed in a princess maiden's outfit of white, roughly the same age as her.
"Rana-sama."
The children all made way for the girl who had entered. The girl named Rana walked over to the bedside and placed her hand over the awakened girl's forehead.
"Looks like you were caught in our magic too."
"...What do you mean?"
"We Forest Dwellers will erase human's memories if they catch sight of us."
"Forest Dwellers?"
The girl cocked her head.
"You're different from those humans?"
Hearing this question, Rana and the children all exchanged glances in surprise.
"Isn't that obvious?"
Flashing with wondrous light, those crimson eyes stared into the girl's eyes.
"—Because this is the forest of the Elfim race."
"—You there, did you really see a girl in a black dress?"
"Y-Yes, no mistake about it..."
At the northern limits of Laurenfrost territory in the Ordesia Empire, a dense and flourishing forest grew along the border with the Holy Kingdom of Lugia. Even during the daytime, sunlight did not penetrate inside.
A small village at one end of the forest had been taken over by a band of strange people.
Girls dressed in gray overcoats.
A total of five. All carrying swords. They swept their gazes across the frightened villagers.
"...What do you think?"
The girl, apparently the commander, pointing her sword at the old man while asking her subordinates behind her.
"It is most likely that darkness spirit, no mistake about it."
"Hmph, so Des Esseintes turned out to be correct in their predictions—"
The girl murmured quietly to herself and turned to the old man again.
"So, you lost the girl that you rescued in the forest?"
"Y-Yes, that's right. When me and the ol' missus were walking together, dense fog suddenly came down. By the time we realized, the girl had suddenly disappeared."
The old man was trembling all over in fright, shaking his head desperately.
(...Doesn't seem to be lying, I suppose?)
The girl slowly withdrew her sword—
The Holy Kingdom's knight—Luminaris Saint Leisched—sighed in exasperation.
(Mischief wrought by forest spirits? If the darkness spirit were to fall into the hands of other powers apart from the Holy Kingdom, it would be troublesome.)
It was already a few days ago when Des Esseintes had confirmed the anomalous Gate appearing in the forest on the Ordesia Empire's border. The Sacred Spirit Knights' direct superior, Cardinal Millennia Sanctus, instantly issued orders to arrest the being that had appeared near the Gate—the darkness spirit.
Although this was the border, it was clearly illegal for the Holy Kingdom's knights to enter Ordesia territory. If they were to be discovered, it would develop into a foreign relations problem between countries.
(Going this far to capture her, is the darkness spirit really that important?)
...All sorts of doubts swirled in her mind. But as a knight, she was not supposed to harbor doubts.
The Holy Kingdom's knights were simply executors who fully carried out the will of Des Esseintes.
(I lost in the Blade Dance against that girl and also failed the mission to exterminate the darkness spirit.)
Before this mission is accomplished, I am probably not permitted to step back into my native soil.
In order to recover the Sacred Spirit Knights' honor, I must find that darkness spirit no matter what—
"Everyone, because of that, we—"
"Luminaris-sama—"
She was interrupted by Ayla Cedar.
"What is it?"
"There are problems with invading the forest."
"What?"
Luminaris frowned—
"...Snow?"
She could not help but laugh wryly and quietly.
White snowflakes were dancing in the forest, fluttering in the air.
Even for the Laurenfrost region that was known for its cold climate, normally speaking, snow was not supposed to fall this time of the year.
A great snow contrary to seasonal norms.
"Ever since the Blade Dance ended, the Laurenfrost region's climate has been very anomalous."
"The Empire should have received the Elemental Lords' blessings."
"If this can be considered blessings, it's truly unacceptable—"
Although not as bad as the Spirit Forest, this forest was also a very dangerous place. Besides, going on an expedition in this kind of weather, merely coming back alive was already uncertain.
"How about we return for now and call for reinforcements?"
Hearing her subordinate's suggestion, Luminaris shook her head.
"How could we possibly turn back empty-handed? To recover the tarnished honor of the Sacred Spirit Knights, the darkness spirit must be captured and taken back no matter what."

As soon as he finished breakfast, Kamito began to pack his luggage for the upcoming trip to Laurenfrost lands.
"...Although it was said already, I can't believe I'm actually going to a place like Laurenfrost."
"What about a place like Laurenfrost, Kamito-san? Although it is on the Empire's border, indeed, I'll have you know that my homeland is a picturesque place with beautiful scenery."
"No, I'm sorry, you're getting the wrong idea from what I said."
Kamito frantically apologized to Rinslet.
Rinslet pouted angrily.
After possessing Fenrir earlier, Iseria's consciousness had returned to Astral Zero already. Due to being corroded by the otherworldly darkness, the other Elemental Lords required a great deal of her energy to suppress. As a result, she could only make appearances that were very limited in time.
Continuing to pack, Kamito silently prayed in his heart.
(She must still be alive, definitely—)
Accompanied by the anomalous Gate, the girl in the black dress had appeared in the borderland forest.
...Perhaps this really was just a coincidence.
Simply speculation carrying a wonderful wish. Kamito understood clearly in his heart.
Nevertheless, he was still willing to believe in the slight possibility.
(—You must wait for me, Restia.)
Kamito secretly committed his determination while swiftly packing all the equipment needed for crossing snow-covered mountains.
The equipment was borrowed from the Academy's training room and included Artifacts specialized for use in snow terrain.
The shortest route to Laurenfrost territory—The Kyria Mountain Range—was currently under heavy snowfall for unknown reasons. Although back at the Instructional School, Kamito had already undergone plenty of training for expeditions across snow terrain, he knew that crossing snow-covered mountains without appropriate equipment was equivalent to suicide.
"Well, having prepared this much, it should be enough..."
Kamito patted the bulging backpack and confirmed the equipment while talking.
"Kamito-san, please do not underestimate the Kyria Mountain Range."
Rinslet spoke with a serious expression.
"That mountain range has already taken the lives of hundreds. Although I can understand your feelings that compel you to set off as soon as possible, if you don't want to die there, no amount of preparation is too much."
"...I-I see."
Kamito gasped.
As the daughter of the margrave ruling those lands, Rinslet's words carried extra impact.
"...But I still need to thank you, Rinslet."
In the middle of packing, Kamito paused his hand and spoke.
"Eh?"
"Umm, I'm really glad that you're accompanying me."
Rinslet's face instantly turned bright red.
Just this morning, when Kamito made his decision to travel to Laurenfrost territory, Rinslet had suggested going with him because she was familiar with the local terrain and road conditions. Since it was his first time visiting Laurenfrost, Kamito could not be more glad to receive her assistance.
"Th-That would be because I was planning to go home in the first place. I-It's not like I am going back just for your sake, Kamito-san, please do not get the wrong idea."
Rinslet turned her face shyly to the side.
Already used to this kind of attitude from her, Kamito could not help but smile wryly. Despite looking like an overbearing girl at first glance, she was actually just bad at expressing her feelings. At her core, she was really a kind young lady.
"...~! W-What are you smiling at, Kamito-san?"
Rinslet glared angrily at Kamito.
"Oh, umm—"
Kamito frantically turned his gaze away.
"Speaking of which, won't Claire get mad if we take her stuff without asking?"
Kamito picked up a spirit crystal nearby and asked worriedly.
The spirit crystal he had just put in the bag was found in Claire's cupboard. Although it was an inferior item with very low purity, even so, it was still quite an indispensable tool for elementalists.
"No problem. Claire frequently eats my snacks without asking too."
"...I guess that's true."
Claire frequently took snacks to eat from Rinslet's room without permission, but she did not hog them all to herself. Using the stolen food as tea snacks, her roommates Kamito and Fianna, as well as Scarlet the actual perpetrator were all accomplices in a certain sense.
...Oh well, it should be okay given that Claire and Rinslet grew up together as childhood friends.
Despite feeling guilty, Kamito still "borrowed" the cans hidden in the depths of the cupboard. As much as he hoped it would not happen, if they actually got stranded in the snow on a mountain, this would serve as extremely precious emergency rations.
(...She should forgive me if I explain properly to her next time. It seems like she's become less violent lately.)
Meeting her older sister probably helped calm her down. Although they had met under those circumstances, in spite of that, Rubia still managed to convey her reasons for betraying the Elemental Lords as well as how much she missed her sister. For Claire, this could be considered some kind of salvation.
Back when Kamito first encountered her, Claire would close off her heart like a wounded little animal, always attacking others. However, that kind of personality had already disappeared now.
(...Yeah, she was a kind and gentle girl to begin with, after all.)
Just as Kamito was thinking about the girl who had already returned to her homeland...
"These spirit crystals—"
Rinslet murmured softly.
"Many of them don't have sealed spirits inside."
On closer examination, the spirit crystals in Rinslet's hands had lost their shine indeed. If crystals had spirits sealed inside them, even without infusing divine power, they should still give off a weak glow.
"Throwing them into the back of the cupboard like this, she totally failed to maintain them properly."
"...Seriously, how lazy of her despite clearly being an honors student."
Rinslet shrugged in exasperation.
Spirit crystals served as temporary residences for spirits. Hence, they must be carefully wiped and frequently undergo purification rituals to create a comfortable and relaxing atmosphere for the spirits living inside. Otherwise, the spirits might break the seal on their own and escape. This was doubly true for poor quality spirit crystals like these ones.
"Then I shall head over to the Spirit Forest to catch a few fire spirits."
"Yeah, I'll go find that hag Greyworth to get permission to leave."
Saying that, Kamito took down Terminus Est that was hanging on the wall.
"Going to the school building?"
"—I'm guessing she's probably at the Academy Town."
Leaving the Academy's front gates, Kamito stepped onto the main road that went through the entire Academy Town.
"...It's already four days huh."
Looking at the wide streets at the foot of the mountain, Kamito muttered quietly.
Using the Great Festival of the Spirits as an opening, seven militarized spirits had attacked the Academy Town. Even the Imperial Knights' tactical-class militarized spirit Glasya-Labolas was corrupted by darkness and had gone on a rampage, wrecking the town.
The wrecked town's reconstruction was being carried out under the leadership of the Imperial Knights. However, the most heavily damaged Undine Area was still a wasteland.
Walking on the rubble-buried road, Kamito saw the figure of a familiar rock spirit. Its giant rock-covered body was currently clearing away scattered soil and stones.
"I see, this should be moved over to... Hmm?"
Riding on the rock giant's shoulder, the short-haired girl looked back. It was Rakka from the Sylphid Knights.
"...My, isn't this Kamito? What are you doing here?"
"Just looking for Greyworth for something."
Rakka jumped down lightly from the rock giant's shoulder.
"She's helping with the town's revival work. How amazing."
"This Cabracan is really suited to this kind of work, you know?"
Hmph, Rakka puffed out her chest with pride.
"I have to work hard enough to do the Captain's share as well while she's recuperating."
"Ellis did say she had to get back to the Knights' duties as quickly as possible."
Injured in the attack incident earlier, Ellis was currently receiving treatment at the Academy Town's medical facility. Although she had insisted she was fine, Ellis definitely suffered corrosion from Lurie Lizaldia's demon sword. Having inherited the Demon King's power, Kamito was a totally separate matter.
"The Seraelle Hospital has the most advanced medical facilities, so she should be discharged soon."
"You should go visit her, Kamito. I think the Captain will definitely be happy to see you."
"Yeah, I'll pay her a visit later."
Bidding Rakka goodbye, Kamito continued on his way.
Finally, he reached his destination—a military installation under the Imperial Knights' jurisdiction.
"Is Greyworth here?"
"Oh it's you. She should be present every day during this time—"
After showing his authorized pass to the guard, Kamito entered the facility successfully. Due to a top-level alert, the only people allowed into the underground installation were Greyworth and Kamito.
Guided by the light from spirit crystals on the walls, Kamito followed the underground passage.
The atmosphere underground was exceptionally oppressive. No matter what, this was a facility used for military research during the Ranbal War.
(...Such a creepy place, I can't believe she's still coming here every day.)
After walking for a while, he saw Greyworth's figure in the distance, holding a lantern.
Probably hearing Kamito's footsteps, Greyworth looked back.
"So it's you, lad."
"Yeah~ Don't you get tired of visiting this kind of place every day?"
This was a wide open space in the underground passage. The surrounding walls were crumbling and the ground surface was also sunken.
The center of the destruction was where Kamito had battled Lurie last time.
Stepping on debris underfoot, Kamito walked over to Greyworth.
"You should bring a bodyguard at least. Clearly you're no longer the continent's strongest witch."
"Oh? The lad is worrying about me?"
"You're overthinking it."
Kamito averted his gaze.
"Hoo~, in the end, you're more adorable when you lost your memory."
Greyworth shrugged and looked up at the ceiling of the devastated underground space.
"I wouldn't want anyone aside from myself to come here."
Kamito followed her gaze.
For no particular reason, simply due to the endless darkness spreading from there...
However, he could feel a vague sense of dissonance.
There seemed to be something there.
Greyworth probably felt it too.
"The Demon King's Burial Chamber huh..."
The Burial Chamber—a treasure vault bestowed to eligible Demon Kings.
That was what Lurie Lizaldia had mentioned.
Sealing away the possessions of the Demon King from a thousand years ago, it was a special dimension with magical properties. At the same time, it was the place where Est had been sealed when Kamito had lost his memories at the sanctuary of the Elemental Lords.
The place where Est had been sealed.
It automatically manifested at the Demon King's base of operations. Only those possessing true eligibility to become the Demon King were able to unseal it.
"Truly quite an unbelievable dimension. No matter what system of magic, it cannot be analyzed."
Greyworth nodded, slightly impressed, then looked back at Kamito.
"Lad, try using your power to activate the Burial Chamber."
"It's not like it's that easy to do."
Kamito shrugged helplessly.
There was no way for Kamito to open the Burial Chamber by his own will—Lurie had said so. Hence, she only barely managed to activate the Burial Chamber by resorting to the method of putting Kamito in a desperate crisis on the verge of death.
"...Indeed, it's still no good the way you are currently."
"There's no use provoking me. Besides, I don't need that kind of thing."
"Are you sure? Sleeping inside there are absurdly powerful spirits, you know?"
The Burial Chamber—The Demon King's treasure vault. If that were really the case, it was highly likely that the seventy-two spirits commanded by the legendary Demon King Solomon were sealed inside.
Although the majority of the Demon King's spirits had gone missing, rumor had it that some were sealed while others were modified into militarized spirits, there should be some left inside the Burial Chamber.
However—
"...Don't need them."
Worn at his waist, the Demon Slayer spoke.
"...Est?"
"Kamito already has me as the Demon King's weapon of choice and does not need any rubbish spirits."
A tone of absolute certainty. Calling the Demon King's spirits rubbish, this was Est who had slain the Demon King as the Sacred Maiden's personal sword.
"...So that's the way it is. I don't need whatever Demon King's spirits."
Kamito patted the sword at his waist lightly while he spoke.
"Is that so? Oh well, if that's the case, never mind. Then let's seal off this area first."
Speaking with slight disappointment, Greyworth—
"Say, why exactly did you come to find me?"
Only then did Kamito remember—
"Oh yeah..."
That was close. He had almost forgot his initial reason for coming here.
Kamito hastily took out the request form from his shirt pocket.
"I'd like long-term permission for leaving school grounds. Sign here please."
Reading the request form, Greyworth made a surprised look.
"Laurenfrost?"
"Yeah, there's something urgent."
Kamito repeated what Iseria had said this morning about the girl resembling Restia who was sighted in Laurenfrost.
Things regarding the Elemental Lords were an absolute taboo from Iseria's perspective, so Kamito skillfully avoided this subject.
After listening to Kamito, Greyworth said:
"Lad, is this information reliable?"
"...Probably, I guess."
Kamito nodded vaguely.
"I have heard that heavy snow is currently falling in the Kyria Mountain Range leading to Laurenfrost. Will I permit my precious students to go somewhere so dangerous for the sake of such uncertain information?"
"...One time in the past, a certain person was apparently thrown into a snow-covered mountain for many days as so-called training. I wonder if you still remember?"
"That's long long ago. Forget it."
Seeing Greyworth still making that look, Kamito sighed helplessly.
"...I also know that this news is very low in certainty. However, as long as there's a shred of hope, I—"
Kamito clenched his fist hard.
"Sigh—"
Greyworth gazed at Kamito with gentle eyes.
"You're always so concerned about that darkness spirit... It makes me feel a little envious."
Snickering.
"...Then so be it. But when little miss hell cat returns, won't she be mad at you?"
"If it's Claire, I'm counting on you to explain to her when the time comes."
"I'm sorry but I probably won't be able to help. I will be leaving the Academy soon."
"Leaving the Academy at a time like this?"
Kamito frowned.
The school was being rebuilt currently. During a time like this, Greyworth should be needed even more as the Academy's headmistress.
"Precisely because it's a time like this. You should have heard from Fianna too about the All Nations Conference to be held at the imperial capital. The continent is currently in an unprecedented state of emergency."
"The coup d'etat at the Theocracy huh..."
Several days earlier, Sjora Kahn had murdered the hierarch in the neighboring Alphas Theocracy. Furthermore, she had taken command of the demon scorpion palace, Scorpia. Very clearly, the upheaval was not going to subside with that. The hierarch faction in the Theocracy was rioting all over the place, starting wars everywhere, plunging the nation into chaos.
"There are also reasons on that front, but my true worries lie over with the Holy Kingdom instead."
"...The Holy Kingdom of Lugia?"
Hearing unexpected words from the witch's lips, Kamito tilted his head in puzzlement.
Speaking of the Holy Kingdom of Lugia, it was a very stable country like Ordesia. Ever since the Principality of Rossvale declared independence, nothing concerning had been heard from there in recent years—
"—A witch's intuition."
Greyworth narrowed her gray eyes.
"It's the same feeling I experienced just before that war. At this All Nations Conference, I am going to personally verify the Holy Kingdom's inclinations. Kamito—"
(...A witch's intuition huh.)
Holding the signed permit, Kamito returned to the ground surface, taking a deep breath of fresh air.
(...Oh well, it's got nothing to do with me, I guess.)
For Kamito, how political issues between countries ended up had nothing to do with him. However, if it was related to searching for Restia, then it would be a different matter—
Hunching his body slightly, Kamito walked over to the shopping street in the Sylphid Area.
Food ingredients and other daily necessities could be bought here. In fact, students at the Academy almost never came here to shop. Most of the consumers here were residents of the Academy Town. But for Kamito who was not a noble, this was an important place for buying cheap food.
Luckily, because it was quite far from the heart of the Academy City and there were no military installations nearby, the attack several days earlier did not affect this place.
Kamito had come here to buy a gift for visiting Ellis. Because he was leaving the Academy temporarily, it was only natural for him to inform Ellis who was his teammate as well as the captain of the Sylphid Knights he was a member of.
After buying Ellis' favorite honeydew melon at a grocery store, Kamito made his way to the facility where she was hospitalized.
Saint Seraelle Hospital—The facility was named after a Queen who had served Holy Lord Alexandros several centuries ago. Although Areishia Spirit Academy's hospital also had high standards, it was still far inferior to Seraelle Hospital.
Kamito went through the front door to enter the building's center. The girl at the reception was so frightened that she gasped.
"...T-The bestial king of lust!"
This was already his fourth time visiting Ellis. Kamito's appearance was apparently committed firmly to memory by now.
(...If possible, could you please remember my name as well?)
Feeling deeply hurt, Kamito finished handling the visiting procedures then walked to Ellis's sickroom.
Knocking lightly at the door, Kamito asked softly:
"Ellis, are you still awake?"
"...Yes. K-Kamito!? Oh, yes. I am awake!"
After a clatter of noises, her frantic answer was heard.
"Okay, then I'm coming in—"
Opening the door, Kamito saw Ellis lying in the sickbed.
"...Kamito!"
Her pink lips parted slightly, dressed in a loose white gown, her ponytail untied, Ellis looked quite different from usual, almost like a scene from fantasy.
"Ellis, how's your health?"
"O-Okay. I have almost recovered... I should be able to get back to my duties at the Knights soon."
"Really? ...That's great."
Kamito sat down on the chair next to the sickbed. Ellis's face seemed a bit red.
"I bought your favorite, Ellis, honeydew melon. I'll cut it up for you right away."
"...O-Okay. I feel so sorry for troubling you all the time."
"Ellis, it's thanks to you that I'm still standing here. So just leave this kinda stuff to me."
Kamito took out a knife from his shirt pocket and sliced the melon into small pieces, arranging them on a plate in an experienced manner.
"Speaking of which, what were you doing just now?
"...Huh?"
"Before I entered the room, I think I heard a clatter of noises. If I disturbed you, I'll apologize—"
"...~! That was, u-umm... nothing I was doing, nothing at all, honestly!"
Ellis went bright red in embarrassment, turning on her side in bed. At this moment, something fell out of her shirt.
"...!?"
Ellis frantically went to pick them up... But it was too late.
Kamito's gaze stopped on the books fallen on the bed.
"...'Nectar Dripping in the Night'?"
Kamito seemed to recall seeing Claire read this novel a few days ago.
"T-This, this is not what you think!"
Ellis frantically picked up the books and stuffed them under her shirt.
"T-These are, umm... books confiscated by the Knights, I was just, umm, checking them! ..."
"I-I understand."
Glared at by Ellis, Kamito kept nodding.
"B-By the way, have some melon—"
"..."
Ellis stared at the plate carrying the sliced melon...... Apparently at a loss of words, she was acting very awkward.
"...? What's the matter, no appetite?"
"No, umm, my hand... cannot move very well."
Ellis suddenly said that.
"...? Weren't you fine just now?"
"I-It suddenly started hurting!"
Ellis pouted.
"So, umm, basically... umm..."
"Hmm?"
"Y-You can... feed me, right?"
"...!"
Ellis lowered her head and looked up into Kamito's eyes.
Faint glimpses of her cleavage flashed in and out of view, drawing Kamito's gaze coercively.
"...Y-You refuse...?"
With an uneasy expression, Ellis bit her lip hard.
Seeing her ask in this manner, how could Kamito possibly refuse—
"...I-I get it, okay."
Kamito shrugged helplessly and used a fork to pick up a piece of melon.
"...Here, open wide."
"Hmm, are you ordering me?"
Ellis was pouting but she actually looked a bit happy.
"Hmm, the tone of an order does not feel bad, actually..."
...Ah~
"...Mmmmmm~♪"
Swallowing the melon, Ellis held her hands to her cheeks in bliss.
"A-Another..."
Like a young chick waiting to be fed, she parted her adorable lips.
"...I surrender. Here~"
...Ah~
"...Huah~♪"
Ellis made another cute sound.
"...Looks like you really love eating melon."
"N-Not exactly. What I love is not the melon but..."
Ahem~ Due to being too embarrassed, Ellis cleared her throat deliberately.
Kamito put down the fork and said:
"Umm, Ellis. I've got something to tell you—
"W-What is it!?"
"I'll be leaving the Academy for a while."
"...Eh?"
Ellis widened her dark-brown eyes, so shocked that she could not speak.
Facing Ellis, Kamito recounted what had happened this morning.
"...Because of that, I have to visit Laurenfrost to search for Restia. As for when I'll be back, I still don't know yet—"
"...I-I see."
After listening to Kamito, Ellis nodded obediently.
"If possible, I would like to go with you—"
"O-Oh~ I'm very glad that you want to do that, but given your current state of health, I don't think you should push yourself that much."
Saying that, Kamito stroked Ellis's head.
"...~!"
Ellis's face seemed to be giving off steam.
"Then I'll be—"
"H-Hold on, Kamito—"
Ellis grabbed Kamito's hand just as he was getting up to leave.
"...Ellis?"
"Umm, if you are going on a long journey, it would be more convenient to be enchanted with Wind's Protection."
"...Oh, that'd be wonderful if you can, but..."
Among all kinds of spirit blessings, Wind's Protection was the one most prized by travelers. Turning the surrounding wind into one's allies, it would also improve movement speed.
"But is it really okay?"
Among different kinds of spirit magic, magic that persisted for long durations also consumed massive amounts of divine power. Hence, Kamito could not allow Ellis to push herself in her hospitalized state.
"Do not worry. My physical body aside, my energy has already recovered fully thanks to the princess maidens."
Ellis nodded and finally released Kamito's hand.
"...Please close your eyes for a moment."
"Oh sure..."
Kamito closed his eyes obediently.
He could hear the sound of Ellis beginning to chant prayers near his ear.
"O wind sweeping across the land, please bestow upon this traveler thy protection—"
A gentle breeze blew in the room, caressing Kamito's face. His entire body was enveloped in the mild wind—
Smooch~
"...Huh?"
Suddenly feeling a soft sensation from his lips, Kamito opened his eyes wide in surprise.
"...~!"
He could see Ellis, her face flushed red—
"...E-Ellis?"
Kamito blinked—
"Y-You have the kind of constitution that renders magic ineffective unless this is done, right?"
Ellis shyly shifted her gaze away and said.
"That's... true, but..."
"H-Hmph... Wind's Protection is granted to you without fail now!"
Ignoring Kamito who was totally lost, Ellis frantically buried her face in her clothes.
(...Wind's Protection huh?)
Exiting the hospital, Kamito scratched his face and muttered.
...His heart was beating so fast. The sensation of those gentle lips still seemed to linger.
"—Kamito has no fidelity."
Worn at his waist, the sacred sword complained unhappily.
"M-Misunderstanding! Ellis was just giving me Wind's Protection."
"Steel's Protection alone is enough for guarding Kamito!"
...Est did not say anything after that, completely in a sulk.
"...Well, anyway, it was a great help."
If going on a journey, being able to lend the power of wind was worth celebrating. Because under the action of wind, there was a dramatic increase in speed.
"Next, I guess I'll go help Rinslet catch spirits."
Saying that, Kamito walked towards the Academy.
"—The very image of the Demon King of the Night as always. Kazehaya Kamito."
"...!"
A jeering voice. Kamito hastily looked at the voice's direction.
Out from the shadows of the building, a petite girl with a boyish haircut emerged.
"...Ugh, it's you, Virrey Branford!"
Kamito's face was very awkward.
She was number nine of the Empire's elite spirit knights—Numbers.
A special operative knight who belonged to the Umbra agency that specialized in foreign intelligence operations.
She was under orders from the Empire's top echelons to monitor Kamito. From Kamito's perspective, she was someone whom he wanted to avoid like the plague.
"What do you mean by 'ugh,' Kazehaya Kamito?"
"Oh, umm..."
The special operative knight stared at Kamito, walking in front of him nonchalantly.
"I saw you enter the sickroom of Duke Fahrengart's granddaughter... Could it be that you were engaged in something shameless and immoral?"
"...You've been following me all this time huh."
Nothing less expected from the dark side of Numbers, although she was hiding her presence in the Academy Town, to think that even Kamito had failed to notice her.
"Stop talking about made up things, how could I possibly do something shameless and immoral?"
Kamito denied firmly. Indeed, it was just a ritual necessary for Wind's Protection. Definitely not something shameless and immoral... Probably.
"Your eyes are wavering, Kazehaya Kamito."
...True to her name as a knight of Umbra, she saw with a single look.
"In my view, your getup is even more shameless."
"Wha...!?"
Kamito was forced to retaliate, forcing the Numbers girl to go red with embarrassment.
In actual fact, the highly revealing black leather suit made Kamito at a loss where he should look.
"T-This was developed specially for combat, the combat outfit for special operative knights!"
Virrey drew her handgun from her waist and pointed it at Kamito.
"How dare you look at me with such lewd eyes, you, you bestial king of lust!"
"Hey, pulling out a gun on the streets is very dangerous."
Kamito took Virrey's gun and held it up high.
"G-Give it back. Bad guy!"
It looked like it was really very precious to her. Virrey suddenly burst into tears, jumping up and down trying to snatch her gun back. But very unfortunately, her height was totally not enough.
"Before I do that, let me ask you something... Why are you still in town?"
Holding the gun up high, Kamito asked. According to what Greyworth had said, she should have gone to chase the escaped Lurie.
"...!"
Virrey was speechless for a moment. Then—
"The mission for apprehending Dame Lurie has been... called off."
With a trembling voice, mixed with regret.
"...What on earth happened?"
Although it was true that she had failed to realize Lurie was a spy, that was not her fault alone. As a special operative knight, there should be no one more suited than her for hunting down Lurie.
"Those are orders from above, demanding Umbra to cease hunting Dame Lurie."
"...No way, how can the culprit who caused such a huge incident be... just like that..."
Kamito could not help but cry out... Suddenly hearing such an unacceptable thing.
"Of course, I have suggested continuing the hunt to the higher-ups. However, totally set aside. 'With the All Nations Conference coming up, do not make a big deal out of this matter.' That was the answer from above. I am very concerned whether the higher-ups are hiding something."
(The Empire's top echelons are shielding Lurie on purpose—Is that it?)
If the Empire's interior—in other words, there were traitors in the council—it made sense how Lurie was able to lurk in the Empire for so long.
Besides, Lurie Lizaldia—who on earth was that woman?
While Kamito was in deep thought, Virrey finally snatched her gun back.
"It would still be okay if she's still in the area near the Theocracy, but as soon as she crosses the border, there's nothing we can do about her. We have also lost touch with Umbra spies who have infiltrated Murders."
"Is it because of that coup d'etat as well...?"
Under these chaotic conditions, trying to hide one's tracks was probably not a hard thing.
"About her past, did you manage to dig up anything?"
Virrey shook her head.
"Seven years ago, she appeared in the Empire and was called the miraculous healer. But how she infiltrated the Empire, how she was recruited to Numbers, regarding her past, everything is still unknown."
"...I see, come to think of it—do you have any idea about the name Yggdra?"
"Yggdra?"
Virrey stared at Kamito with a very surprised look.
"...Yeah. During the attack on the Academy, that girl in vestments mentioned the name... Have you heard of it?"
The girl with the eyepatch, host to the Otherworldly Darkness—Millennia Sanctus. On the day of the Great Festival of the Spirits, she was the main culprit who had summoned the militarized spirits, letting slip of that name in front of Kamito.
"Could it be that Yggdra failed?"—That was what she said.
That name might be linked to Lurie's true identity perhaps.
"Any idea would be an understatement—"
Virrey said with a surprised face:
"—That's the name of the Blade Dance winner fifteen years ago."
"...Huh?"
An unexpected answer—Kamito could not help but make a weird sound.
Greyworth was the winner of the Blade Dance twenty-four years ago.
Then three years ago, Ren Ashbell was the winner.
But there was also a Blade Dance held fifteen years ago.
The country that had obtained victory fifteen years ago should be—
(...The Holy Kingdom of Lugia, right?)
In any case, Lurie currently looked about twenty-five years in age right now. Based on that, she could not possibly have competed in the Blade Dance fifteen years earlier... That was probably no relation to her at all.
"Seriously, this is just a deduction based on ordinary common sense. Oh well, compared to the Dusk Witch and Ren Ashbell the Strongest Blade Dancer, Yggdra-sama is not very famous, but that can't be helped either—"
Virrey shrugged.
"If it bothers you, I could go investigate it. I will be returning to the imperial capital next."
"Back to the capital?"
"My latest mission is to serve as the bodyguard for Dame Greyworth who is participating in the All Nations Conference. Although she has already retired, she is still highly influential."
"...I see. If it's the imperial capital, that would be completely opposite the direction to Laurenfrost."
Saying that, Kamito exhaled deeply.
...In any case, he would not need to be monitored by this girl anymore.
"...Hmm? Could it be that you're going to Laurenfrost?"
Virrey raised an eyebrow and asked.
"Oh, yeah..."
"Are you tired of living? The Kyria Mountain Range is currently being ravaged by a great snowstorm of unknown cause, you know?"
"I know that too. Oh well, since I've got someone reliable to lead the way, there probably won't be a problem, I think."
"...Hmph, not like your life or death is any of my business."
Virrey shrugged with exasperation.
"Oh, speaking of Laurenfrost—"
Virrey casually thought of something and said:
"Umbra has apparently received reports that the Holy Kingdom's knights have been discovered in the forest near the border."
"...What?"
Kamito's face instantly went livid.
"—Hold on, please tell me the details about this report."
"Uwah...! Your face is too close, Kazehaya Kamito!"
Kamito suddenly leaned up close, causing Virrey's face to blush bright red.
"I recently heard about the Holy Kingdom's knights appearing near the border. Had it been normal times, the Empire would surely raise objections on grounds of territorial invasion. But since it's the sensitive period of the All Nations Conference right now, to avoid provoking the Holy Kingdom, the higher-ups have apparently decided to just watch for now—"
"Is it Luminaris Saint Leisched's team?"
"Seems to be—"
Kamito released Virrey's shoulder.
(...Why are the Holy Kingdom's knights appearing in Laurenfrost now?)
...A foreboding sense. During the Blade Dance, the Sacred Spirit Knights led by Luminaris had taken action to exterminate Restia.
...This was absolutely no coincidence.
(...Now's not the time to be dallying leisurely.)
"O Salamander born from primordial flames, I hereby beseech thee to make thy way here—"
Hidden behind a tree, the salamander spirit entered the spirit crystal in her hand with a whoosh.
Behind the school building, Rinslet was currently preparing indispensable fire spirits for crossing snow-covered mountains.
"...Hoo, spirits in the area have reduced greatly in number too."
"Probably affected by the attack several days earlier, it looks like the forest's trees have been contaminated."
The maid Carol answered.
Just as she pointed out, the damaged tree's edges had already turned black.
Spirits would not live in hated land that was contaminated by darkness. Although the princess maidens tried to use prayers for purification, returning things to the way they were would still require a very long time.
"At this rate, the sun will be going down. Should we go deeper into the forest?"
"Yes, milady."
As Rinslet walked into the depths of the forest, Carol followed in a patter of footsteps.
That said, students were only allowed into the outskirts of the Spirit Forest. Going deeper, not only the Sylphid Knights but even teachers were not permitted to enter.
After walking briefly in the forest—
"...Umm, Carol."
"Yes, milady."
Rinslet stopped walking and coughed once.
"I-I am about to go on a journey with Kamito-san, just the two of us..."
"Yes."
"U-Umm. Going on a journey with a boy, this will actually be the first time. To be honest, it is a bit unsettling."
Indeed, in actual fact, Rinslet was very nervous right now.
"No problem, milady. I've heard that journeys will help deepen feelings between opposite genders."
Carol smiled "fufu~"
"...! W-What deepening feelings, nothing of that sort is within my considerations at all!"
Rinslet denied with her face red. Carol whispered into her ear:
"...A small trip with only milady and Kamito-sama alone. This is a great chance to get ahead of everyone else!"
"I-I did not propose accompanying Kamito-san for such reasons!"
Rinslet turned around guiltily.
"Indeed, I simply, simply want to become Kamito-san's strength, that is all—"
(...But was that really the case?)
Kamito was always surrounded by many cute girls—
Rinslet had almost no opportunity to spend time alone with Kamito.
But this time, it was a small trip just the two of them.
...It would be lying if she said she was not looking forward to this at all.
(...Although Est-san is with us, she's almost always sleeping during the day.)
Her heart could not help but pound.
...Speaking of which, the novel she had borrowed from Claire a few days earlier was about a man of low status falling in love with a highborn young lady. While they were eloping, resting together, the couple had naturally embraced tightly in bed—
(...Ah, w-what manner of perverted delusions am I imagining!?)
Huff... Huff... Huff...!
Rinslet shook her head forcefully. Just at this time—
"—Rinslet!"
"K-Kamito-san!?"
On the forest trail, Kamito ran over frantically.
"...Sorry, can we set off immediately?"
"...Eh? But I still haven't collected enough fire spirits."
"These ones we have on hand are enough. Let's set off now."
"Why are you suddenly so impatient to leave?"
"Apart from us, there seem to be others searching for Restia."
"Huh?"
Kamito briefly explained about the Holy Kingdom's knights appearing near the border.
"...! Now is definitely not the time for slow preparations."
Rinslet nodded and turned to face Carol.
"I am leaving the rest to you, Carol."
"Yes, please rest assured, milady."
Carol nodded solemnly.
"Then let us depart, Kamito-san—"
"Yeah!"
On the grass-woven bed, the girl opened her eyes.
She had already changed out of her torn dress of black and was currently wearing black clothing prepared by the Forest Dwellers. This outfit only consisted of simple cloth wrapped around the chest and the waist. The more she looked at it the more it seemed like being half-naked.
Even so, she did not feel cold at all, apparently because this type of fabric was blessed by forest spirits.
"Spirits—I definitely know of existences like them."
As though confirming her memories, she murmured softly.
"Existing in another world different from this realm, special beings—"
Her memories related to this realm only consisted of lingering fragments. For example, the being known as humans—they were the most flourishing race in this world.
(...At the same time, they are the ones hunting for me.)
—However, she had virtually no memories about herself.
After waking up in the forest, her only memory was the single word "Restia."
Saying the word aloud gave her a mysterious, nostalgic feeling, just this single word.
...Hence, this was probably her own name.
(Saying that I've lost my memory because of these children's memory manipulating magic—)
But that was not the truth. Several days earlier, when she appeared in this forest, she was already unable to recall the past.
The girl sighed and sat up from bed.
Inside a tent made from animal hide, some kind of herb was burning. The choking smell stimulated her nerves. Perhaps this was used for some kind of ritual.
Then she walked out of the tent to the outside. Stretching endlessly was a vast forest of frost-covered trees, frozen all the way to the branches.
Frozen branches hanging on the trees resembled blooming flowers, hence this place was known as the Forest of Ice Blossoms.
In this forest, the children of the Forest Dwellers were playing.
Incredibly, this village consisted only of children. The eldest was perhaps the princess maiden known as Rana.
(...Or perhaps, this is what the Elfim race is like.)
There were no memories about the Elfim race in her mind. From Rana, she had learned that unlike humans, the Elfim were a race that had come from Astral Zero.
The children playing in the forest noticed her and waved. She waved back amiably.
The Forest Dwellers were all very friendly. Not only did they offer her shelter from being hunted by humans, but also offered warm hospitality to her.
...But she still did not know why they saved her.
"Restia-san—"
She suddenly heard a girl's voice.
Looking back, Restia found the princess maiden Rana standing behind her, staring at her.
"Don't walk outside carelessly. The forest is a very dangerous place."
"...Sorry."
Restia apologized honestly.
Then she turned to look at the children playing in the forest again.
"...It seems, there's only children here."
"The adults here were driven out several decades ago in a war against the humans. We princess maidens of the Elfim were able to stay here due to wielding elementalist powers."
Rana bit her lip with chagrin, her voice filled with resentment.
"Do you hate humans very much?"
"All of us Forest Dwellers are like this. Because the humans of the continent want to take away our forests..."
"In that case, why did you still save me?"
"...Huh?"
Hearing Restia's question, Rana tilted her head in puzzlement.
"Because, I'm human too."
"That's because..."
Restia's dusk-colored eyes stared straight into Rana's crimson eyes.
Dusk-colored eyes—At least, Restia was certain that she was not part of the Elfim race.
Rana's wavering eyes carried hesitation—
"Because you resemble a certain esteemed one very much."
...
"A certain esteemed one?"
"Yes, the Queen of Ice Blossoms."
"Queen?"
Restia repeated the word without thinking. This was the first time she had heard of a queen in this village.
"She's not one of the Forest Dwellers?"
"No, the Queen of Ice Blossoms is not one of the Elfim. However, she is not human either. Although called human, yet different from humans, in this regard, you are very similar to her."
"Although called human... yet different from humans."
Restia was confused... It was getting more and more incomprehensible.
(Also, very similar to me...)
"Okay, let's go in and have a good long talk. I'll brew you some tea."
Saying that, Rana entered the tent and sat down on the fur rug.
Then she recounted the story of the girl known as the Queen of Ice Blossoms.
—This had happened before Restia's appearance in the forest.
Like Restia, the girl had lost her way in the forest. She possessed a miraculous power, inconceivable to the Elfim race. Unbelievably, the ice dragon, thought to be extinct in Laurenfrost, would obey her control.
"...Control dragons?"
"Ice dragons are the minions of Zirnitra, the guardian spirit of Forest Dwellers. Being able to control ice dragons at will, she must be the princess maiden sent by Zirnitra, the true princess maiden we have been looking forward to for centuries—"
Rana spoke in an excited tone of voice. She seemed like she really worshiped that girl.
Putting aside the matter of the guardian spirit's princess maiden—Restia was very intrigued by the topic of the Queen of Ice Blossoms.
...Perhaps she might recall something if she carefully dug into her memories.
"If only I could meet this Queen of Ice Blossoms directly."
"Yes, you will have a chance to meet her eventually."
Rana nodded.
"...I can't meet her now?"
"She is currently in slumber. The Queen of Ice Blossoms will not wake up unless she sleeps for a period of time."
"...What do you mean?"
"The Queen of Ice Blossoms is currently forced to store up power for a certain important ritual. So she has been sleeping in the Forest Dwellers' shrine for a while now."
"...I see. That's too bad then."
"But she should be waking up soon. In a few more days."
"A few more days..."
Restia fell into deep thought.
"I don't want to stay here for too long—"
"...Eh? Why is that?"
Rana widened her eyes in surprise.
"Those human pursuers must still be hunting for me."
Continuing to stay here would bring trouble for everyone.
"Don't worry about that at all. This forest has an ancient Barrier. Even elementalists have no way of finding this place. Also—"
Saying that, she looked at Restia.
"Imminently, the Queen of Ice Blossoms will revive Zirnitra who is sleeping in the Kyria Mountain Range. Once we obtain the guardian spirit's power, there is nothing to fear from humans at all."

—A few days prior to Kamito and Rinslet's departure from the Academy...
Claire returned to her homeland by herself—The former territory of Elstein.
"Father and Mother are here, right..."
In front of a small house by the riverside, Claire pressed her hand against her chest, adjusting her breathing, trying to calm down.
It was already four years since she was separated from her parents. Four years ago, due to the Calamity Queen's betrayal, Claire's parents were stripped of their noble status and thrown into the imperial capital's Balsas Prison.
Due to having served the Ordesia imperial family for many years, they were not treated like other convicts of heavy crimes despite being imprisoned. With only their freedom restricted, it was a state more akin to house arrest.
However, these long years of prison life finally came to an end recently. During the Blade Dance held earlier, the Ordesia Empire's team had obtained victory. As the leader of the winning team, Claire Rouge was rewarded by the Empire.
Naturally, Claire's wish was a pardon for her parents.
The Empire's council was greatly divided over this matter, hence her wish did receive an official response. But due to the increased prestige and influence of the second princess, Fianna's words now held greater weight and finally under her efforts, Claire's parents finally regained their freedom.
However, their noble title was not restored, and their castle and lands were taken by the Empire. All that was left for the Elstein family was a small patch of land and this house.
Compared to their former castle, this was a very modest house.
Standing at the door to the house, Claire looked around nervously.
She pressed the spirit crystal at the door. After a brief wait, the door opened slowly inwards.
Inside the tiny home, Claire's parents came to the door to greet her, dressed in simple clothes.
"—Welcome home, Claire."
"...You've grown so much now."
"Father, Mother..."
Hugging her parents tightly, Claire cried her heart out like a little child.
Dinner that night consisted of potato and bacon stew, walnut bread, boiled eggs and pheasant roasted until its skin was crisp. Dessert was Claire's favorite peach tart.
There was no need to reminisce about former dinners eaten in the Elstein castle. Although this meal was very simple, to Claire, her mother's cooking was more delicious than anything in the world.
Sitting around the table in the room, there were too many things to talk about after being separated for four years.
Life in the prep school, enrolling in Areishia Spirit Academy, entering the Blade Dance, also about Kamito—
"Eating canned food all the time is not good for your health."
Her mother reminded with care and concern.
"I-I've already started cooking recently."
Claire puffed out her chest proudly.
"...Really? In a previous letter, you even said there was a boy who cooked for you—"
"Y-Yeah, that's—"
Claire's gaze began to wander and she mumbled her words.
"Or perhaps, you mean you're cooking particularly for that Kamito child?"
"...Hmm?"
Duke Elstein seemed to catch on to a sensitive topic.
"N-No way. Why on earth would I cook particularly for him—"
Blushing red, Claire shook her head vigorously.
"Is that so...?"
"K-Kamito is just a slave... And a teammate, that's all! Anyway, putting that aside—"
Claire coughed lightly, hastily changing the subject.
"I met Ren Ashbell in this time's Blade Dance."
"...Ohoh, the girl who placated the Fire Elemental Lord's wrath."
"Yeah... I worship her very much. This time, I finally got to meet her."
With great fervor, Claire kept telling her parents about her(him). Not the Strongest Blade Dancer she idolized from three years ago but the Ren Ashbell who had fought alongside her as a teammate.
"She(he) is stronger and kinder than anyone. A very gallant person—"
Only when talking about Ren Ashbell was she the most able to express the feelings in her heart with honesty and forthrightness.
(W-What should I do, these feelings in my heart are suddenly surging forth...)
In the middle of the conversation, noticing her feelings towards Kamito, Claire's face went fiery hot.
Even so, she still continued to talk about her(his) deeds...
These feelings, suppressed for such a long time, flowed out in a torrent.
(...So these are my true feelings huh?)
Claire pressed hard against her chest.
...These were the true feelings she was unable to convey to Kamito's face.
The feelings that she had always kept buried in the bottom of her heart ever since their first encounter by the spring in the Spirit Forest.
"When I was alone, she(he) reached out to me..."
Indeed, Kamito had always stayed by Claire's side.
Protecting Claire.
"...She(he) is the one I love."
Claire blushed to her ears.
"Is that so—?"
Smiling, her mother caressed Claire's scorching hair.
"...You've made very good friends, I see."
"Y-Yes!"
After having dinner, Claire went to sleep, squeezing onto the same bed as her mother.
Like when she was young, Claire hugged her mother's arm.
She had been hesitant whether she should tell her parents about her sister. But if she did that, it would involve the matter of the Elemental Lords going insane. About the Otherworldly Darkness eating away at this world, the water elemental lord had forbid them to tell anyone else.
(...Mother, I will surely bring Nee-sama back.)
Held in her mother's arms, Claire secretly steeled her determination.
Balsas Prison was a fortress prison situated on the north side of the imperial capital.
All inmates of this impregnable prison were either high-ranked nobles in the country or elementalists who had contravened the Empire's laws. Hence, unlike ordinary prisons, multiple layers of barriers for sealing spirit magic were erected here.
At the deepest level of this prison, a place where not the slightest light seeped through—
"I heard someone upstairs got pardoned. How lame."
The voice of an arrogant youth.
"Hey, you think so too, right?"
Doing one-handed pushups, the youth struck up conversation with his neighboring inmate.
"...I don't care. No matter what, I'm on a life sentence."
The woman who replied had crimson eyes and jade-green hair.
Vivian Melosa. A merchant belonging to Murders who had infiltrated the Academy Town several months earlier to sell Cursed Armament Seals to students. Condemned with a death sentence, she finally managed to avoid death thanks to the Dusk Witch's help. However, having committed atrocious crimes, she was probably never going to see the light of day again.
"I was too foolish. To think I could get away with doing such things right under the witch's nose—"
Thinking over these things, she could not help but clench her fist hard, producing creaking noises.
"...Hmph, stop making me laugh."
The youth switched to a one-armed handstand.
"...I will surely escape from here."
The grinning youth's arm was hanging loosely. Although the wounds had healed, it was impossible to swing a sword properly without trouble.
"—Then I'll kill that guy."
Visible under the faint lighting was a face branded with seals.
Jio Inzagi. The former Instructional School assassin who was imprisoned by the Empire after his defeat at Kamito's hands in the battle at the Academy Town's abandoned mine. With one arm amputated and the power of the Cursed Armament Seals lost, only the flames of hatred still burned violently, flashing in his eyes.
"—I'll kill him, kill him, kill him, kill him!"
While standing upside down, he repeated those words nonstop like a curse. But he could not even remember at all what the target of his vengeance looked like.
"Damn that accursed darkness spirit. I can't believe she wiped my memory—"
All memories related to that boy had vanished completely.
While he was being handed to the Imperial Knights, she had cast a spell on him.
To prevent Jio from seeking revenge? Or to avoid trouble arising if Jio told the Imperial Knights about that boy—
"I'll definitely find you, the guy who took away my left arm..."
"...Futile. No one can escape from this prison!"
"Hmph, how will you know if you don't try it!?"
Jio jumped down from his bed and threw a punch at the cell's bars.
"Oahhhhhhhh.... That really hurts!"
The sound of finger bones breaking seemed to have sounded. The bars had been strengthened using spirit magic, not something an Instructional School assassin could break barehanded.
"...Oh my, watching your stupidity makes me want to cry."
"...Shut the fuck up!"
Spitting, he turned to the other side.
"Hey, what about you? I've heard that you're quite something."
"..."
But there was only silence in the depths of the single cell shrouded in darkness.
"...Tsk. Every single one of you is so pathetic..."
Jio Inzagi lay down in annoyance. Just at this time—
Suddenly, there was violent shaking, causing even the deepest level of the prison to shake.
"...W-What's happening!? Is it because of my punch just now?"
Jio Inzagi yelled. Just at that moment—!
Crash—
Accompanied by a deafening sound, the prison's ceiling crashed down.
"...Wha!?"
Jio stared wide-eyed, unable to speak.
A collapsed ceiling. Billowing dust in the air. On a small pile of debris, a giant monster appeared.
A frighteningly massive body, stout legs as thick as prison pillars, blood-red compound eyes flashing in the dark—An impossibly large spider.
"...A militarized spirit!? Why in this place—"
"An enemy!" "I-Impossible..." "How could this place be attacked—uwahhhhhhh!"
The soldiers guarding the prison screamed pitifully one after another. For the central region of the imperial capital to be attacked, it was totally unthinkable.
"Haha, kick them all away—Ungoliant!"
A girl's adorable voice resounded in the underground darkness. The giant spider spirit waved its eight legs, sending the surrounding walls and soldiers flying like cut grass, creating a total mess.
"...! That girl..."
Jio remembered the appearance of this petite girl.
Gray hair tied as twintails on the sides of her head. Blue eyes as clear as ice.
"You, aren't you the Instructional School's number two—Muir Alenstarl!?"
"...Hmm?"
Sitting on the spider's head, the girl looked back, narrowing her eyes at Jio.
"...Are you Jio Inzagi? What the heck are you doing here?"
"...This kind of thing should be totally obvious. I was caught by those damned knights! By the way, why are you even here? You're not here to save me, right?"
"...Huh?"
Muir Alenstarl was totally speechless.
"Why would Muir save a small fry like you?"
"Wha... small fry?"
Jio angrily hammered the iron bars but of course, the bars remained unmoving.
"Hey, get me out right now, Monster!"
The instant he yelled at Muir—
The giant spider's front leg descended before Jio's eyes.
The ground was split into two. Jio's forehead broke out in cold sweat.
"Don't call Muir with that name, or else you'll suffer the same fate as these destroyed cells."
"—Muir, ignore that guy. Continue destroying."
Amidst the screaming and shouting, another girl jumped down from the spider.
"Once the Numbers arrive, it'll be troublesome."
"Hmph, Muir got it, Lily—"
The spider-shaped militarized spirit spewed out a great amount of silk, wiping out the soldiers guarding the prison. Having gotten off the spider, Lily walked past Jio's cell, coming in front of Vivian's.
"Hey hey. Stop ignoring me, bitch!"
"Shut up, fake Demon King. Scum like you are completely worthless—"
A spirit crystal's light shone on Vivian who was sitting in a corner of the cell.
"—Murders merchant, Vivian Melosa."
"..."
"You should feel honored. The Cardinal holds expectations for your power."
"...Give me a break. Just let me continue to stay here."
Sitting there, Vivian Melosa answered emptily. Apparently, her fear of the Dusk Witch had completely crushed her mind.
"You don't want to regain your freedom?"
Saying that—
"If you wish to stay here like this, be my guest. I have no intention of forcing you—"
The sound of hard military boots were coming from the depths of the darkness.
Slowly appearing was a woman wearing a red mask, dressed in the Theocracy's military uniform.
Vivian held her breath. Jio was also stunned by her powerful presence.
Ignoring those two, the woman walked over to the farthest cell.
To confront inmate who had remained silent all this time, completely unfazed by the situation at hand.
"Hey, you bitch! Don't ignore me—"
Regaining his senses, Jio yelled at the woman.
"...What now?"
"You need power, right? Then take me. I am the Instructional School's only successor of the Demon King—"
"Successor of the Demon King, you say?"
Cardinal stopped walking and looked back.
"...Yeah. I am the man nearest to that Demon King—Solomon."
Jio grinned as he spoke.
Behind the mask, those crimson eyes shone with sharp light.
"Amusing. Then allow me to try using that power."
She pointed her finger towards Jio's cell. Generated from her fingertips, the flames instantly melted the iron bars that were protected by spirit magic.
"Hmph, show your gratitude to the Cardinal's magnanimity, Jio Inzagi."
Lily glanced sideways at Jio.
Having obtained his freedom, Jio swiftly ran out of his cell, but—
"...Gratitude? Hoh, how unfortunate for you, kind-hearted lady!"
With that, he escaped into the depths of the darkness...
"Jio Inzagi, you bastard!"
"Ignore him. Just let an insignificant character like him go."
Leaving the furious Lily, Cardinal turned to that cell.
She was standing before the cell. The presence inside seemed to waver slightly.
"What business do you have with me? Fake Ren Ashbell."
"Ah, you discerned it?"
She seemed a little surprised.
"I happen to know the real one."
"I see. Come to think of it, you have fought her(him) before."
The flames at her fingertips illuminated the cell brightly.
Shining blonde hair. Clear blue eyes. An even more powerful will exuded from the deepest level of the prison.
"Then I shall be brief, glorious knight. I need your power."
"I am already shouldering sins. Do you believe I will do as you say?"
Looking at the inmate in the cell, the masked girl sighed.
"Atonement huh? However, the more you act like this, the more I want you."
"...What are you talking about?"
Cardinal took off her mask to show the other party her true appearance.
"—I am saving this world."

After setting off from the Academy this morning, a number of hours had passed. Riding galloping horses all the way along the roads, Kamito and Rinslet finally arrived at a place called Frost Town. From here, the Kyria Mountain Range could be seen in the distance.
Reaching Rinslet's homeland required crossing the precipitous Kyria Mountain Range, towering before their eyes. Although its altitude was lower than Dracunia's Kelbresse Mountain Range, the Kyria Mountain Range was actually the most dangerous in the continent. In the vast coniferous forests growing on the mountains, there lived many ferocious magic beasts.
Although there were mountain paths prepared, they were impossible to use under the current snowing conditions. Most of the merchants traveling back and forth between Laurenfrost and the imperial capital would take the long route around the mountain by going south.
(...Well, for us, that'd take too long.)
Riding on horseback, Kamito sighed, exhaling white mist.
If they took the long route around the mountain, it was anyone's guess when they were going to arrive at the Forest of Ice Blossoms. In an attempt to get there as quickly as possible, crossing the Kyria Mountain Range directly was the only choice.
Besides, the sun was gradually setting in the west right now. After racing for a day, the horses were almost at their limits. Had he not received the Wind's Protection from Ellis before setting off, they probably would not have made it to this town today.
"But speaking of which, the change in scenery here is really quite dramatic—"
Reaching the town gates, Kamito could not help but exclaim with heartfelt emotion. The streets and town walls were all snow-white.
"After passing through these town gates, you have basically entered Laurenfrost territory."
Rinslet gracefully dismounted and showed the Laurenfrost family's crest to the guard—The emblem of a dire wolf. The guard instantly panicked and hastily ushered the two of them into town.
Leaving the horses at the stables at the town entrance, Kamito and Rinslet entered the town. The instant they stepped inside, the Wind's Protection applied on travelers was dispelled, causing the domain of wind surrounding the two of them to disappear. Once protected by a town, they were no longer considered travelers.
"Cold, it's so cold... I guess we'd better hurry and find a place to stay."
"Then how about we head over there to have some hot food first?"
Rinslet's finger was pointing at a tavern where the sign "The Sunny Fox Inn" was hanging.
Ignoring the other customers in the tavern, Rinslet walked straight up to the bar.
Her long, dazzling platinum blonde hair was attracting every pair of eyes in the tavern.
(...Oh well, it's an expected sight.)
Kamito felt slightly helpless inside. Although that was not to say that the tavern customers were ill-behaved, in terms of common sense, this was really not an establishment that highborn ladies would ordinarily visit.
But Rinslet did not mind at all, walking directly to the counter.
"A glass of hot wine please, the best you have."
"N-Noble lady... The best we have is only a ten-year-old vintage from Arber..."
"No problem. Also, bring some simple food."
"Umm, I'll have the same—"
Kamito sat down next to Rinslet.
"Say, Rinslet, you actually drink?"
Alcoholic beverages were essentially banned at Areishia Spirit Academy, with only exceptions for when princess maidens made offerings of kagura dance.
"Inhabitants of Laurenfrost frequently drink hot wine to stay warm. A small sip is enough to warm your entire body... So, how about you, Kamito-san?"
"In my case, I can only drink a little."
Kamito answered ambiguously. He was actually not that bad at holding his alcohol, but it was just that during his former days working under Greyworth, being forced to be her drinking partner every night had left him with substantial mental trauma, thus preventing him from enjoying drinking in an active sense anymore. That was the actual truth.
Two glasses were placed on the counter, filled with hot wine. A sweet fragrance of raw ginger and citrous fruit wafted over. Taking a light sip, Kamito instantly felt a scorching sensation down his throat.
"...This wine really works a great effect."
He could feel a warm flow spreading gradually in his body.
"Yes, this is an indispensable drink for Laurenfrost winters."
Elegantly savoring the fine wine, Rinslet went slightly red in the cheeks. Under the dim lighting, this sight was almost making Kamito lose control.
(...W-What's with this crazy pounding in my heart?)
Kamito frantically took his eyes off the girl's profile.
"Oh right, there are a few things I would like to ask about—"
Rinslet put down her wineglass and spoke up.
Not to Kamito but towards the barkeep standing inside the bar.
"Has this great snowstorm persisted all this time?"
(...I see.)
Kamito realized the purpose of Rinslet choosing to sit at the counter. Before entering the Kyria Mountain Range, they should at least gather some useful information from locals.
"Yes, noble lady. Although not every single day, the weather has been like this for the past two weeks. After the Empire's representative team won the Blade Dance, we were originally hoping for the climate here to become milder..."
Hearing the barkeep's laments, Kamito suddenly had a thought occurring to him.
(...Oh well, it should be fine.)
The Blade Dance spectators were mostly nobles from various nations on the continent. Team Scarlet's name aside, ordinary people probably would not know Kamito and his teammate's faces.
"Ever since the snowstorm began, has anyone entered the Kyria Mountain Range?"
This was Kamito's question.
"That's impossible. Trying to cross that mountain range would be suicide. Also—"
The barkeep lowered his voice all of a sudden.
"It's not just because of the snowstorm. Rumor has it that monsters are appearing."
"...Monsters?"
Kamito and Rinslet exchanged glances.
"Recently, people have spotted ice dragons flying in the air near the mountain range. Rumors are all over town by now."
"Ice dragons?"
"The ice dragons of Laurenfrost have already gone extinct. Could there be a mistake?"
Rinslet was skeptical.
The Ordesia Empire was home to powerful dragons, but that was on the eastern side bordering Dracunia. They were not supposed to fly all the way to a place like Laurenfrost.
"Indeed. That's why there are also many townsfolk saying these might be warning signs of Zirnitra's revival. Because the ice dragons are the minions of this guardian spirit."
"I have no interest in such ridiculous rumors."
Rinslet was a bit disappointed.
"These are just rumors after all, noble lady. I don't know what's the actual situation. The only thing I'm sure of is that entering the mountains now would be suicide."
The barkeep shook his head.
(...Monster in the snow mountains, huh.)
Leaving the two to their conversation, Kamito fell into deep thought.
Dragons were indeed a powerful race, but to Kamito right now, they were nothing more than fodder. In fact, Kamito had already defeated monsters and spirits more powerful than dragons on numerous occasions.
(...But on mountains where it's difficult to walk in the snow...)
If they were attacked on a cliff, fighting while protecting Rinslet—
"Anyway, it would be best to rest in this town for now first."
"...Yeah. Let's set off after dawn."
Climbing snow-covered mountains in the night would be quite unwise. Furthermore, their bodies were currently quite exhausted as well.
Dinner provided by the tavern consisted of turnip lentil soup, black bread and salted salmon sauteed with dried fruit.
The taste was not bad despite being simple food. For Kamito's empty stomach, there was no food better than this.
While drinking hot wine, the two of them enjoyed dinner with great satisfaction.
The problem was what came after...
"...No other vacant rooms?"
"Yeah. Because of the great snow, many travelers are unable to proceed and are staying at this Frost Town."
The innkeeper shook his head very apologetically.
...The only room left was a single room.
Also, it was a room used for storage because it was normally unoccupied.
That kind of room was probably beyond what the sheltered Rinslet could tolerate.
"...No helping it, let's go check out other places."
"I think other places should be full too. I've heard that many people are sleeping in stables."
"Stables... Aren't they afraid of getting frozen to death?"
"Still tons better than sleeping in the streets, right? How about it? I'll give you a discount for the room."
Kamito turned to Rinslet.
Blushing red, Rinslet was murmuring something inaudible.
"...~s-squeezed in a room together, th-that kind of thing..."
"...Hey Rinslet—"
"Y-Yes!"
Rinslet made a strange sound.
"The ruler of this town should be a Laurenfrost retainer, right? If you announce your status, Rinslet, you should be able to get us accommodations for a night."
Kamito made a very practical suggestion, but—
"That is possible indeed, however..."
Rinslet hesitated and shook her head.
"Although I am a noble, I have never relied on my status to do anything."
"...Oh, I see."
...True. As a noble young lady more sheltered than the average person, her pride was definitely not going to let her ask others for favors by relying on her family's status.
As though prepared with resolve, Rinslet stared straight at the innkeeper.
"No problem. Take us to that room."
"...Rinslet?"
"N-No problem. Even if it means sharing a room with you, Kamito-san, I don't mind at all. Haven't you been sleeping in Claire's room all this time, Kamito-san?"
"That's true but still..."
"O-Or you mean... you dislike sharing a room with me?"
Rinslet pouted her cherry lips, slightly sulking.
Her clear eyes of emerald were staring up at Kamito.
"...F-Fine, I get it."
Kamito surrendered. Since she already said she did not mind, if he still refused, he would be the one who was being boorish.
"Then let's book the room. Please take us there."
"Okay, please come to the second floor."
Led by The Sunny Fox Inn's innkeeper, the two of them mounted the creaking staircase.
The only remaining room was definitely an utter mess of stored objects.
The innkeeper lit a lamp. Looking around, Kamito and Rinslet were shocked speechless.
"This is... even more... than expected..."
"More cramped..."
Indeed, even as a single room this was way too cramped. Just as they could see, there was only one bed while the table and chairs all had random articles piled on top of them. The bed was also covered in gray dust. Clearly the place had not been cleaned for many days.
"Sorry that all we have is a room of this standard. Please use it as you wish."
Rinslet stepped into the room in trepidation.
Creaking sounds, dust flying all over the air—
"A place to bathe... Looks like there's none."
"Only the school's dorms would have bathing facilities installed in every room."
Kamito shrugged. Several months earlier, during his days of searching for Restia, Kamito had frequently lived in rooms like these.
"...Is this place really okay?"
"O-Of course. A Laurenfrost wolf never goes back on her word."
Rinslet nodded with determination then started to swiftly clear away the dust in the room using a broom with a broken shaft.
...In merely moments, the room was already cleaned up to a decent state.
"Wow! Should I say this is surprising or something? I never knew you were this good!"
"Hmph, so long as I'm serious, this is nothing at all."
Hmph hmph~ Rinslet puffed her chest out with pride.
The bed was wiped clean and tidy, the messy trash was all dealt with. Witnessing skills that would even put a professional maid to shame, Kamito could not help but stare in amazement.
"Okay, let us get some rest early for tomorrow. P-Please hurry over."
Readying the sheets, Rinslet looked back at Kamito.
"Uh, umm..."
Kamito frantically shook his head. Although the room was already cleaned, the fact of one bed had not changed. Hence, Kamito had no intention of sleeping there, but—
"You can't guarantee sufficient restoration of energy unless you sleep properly on a bed."
"But two people sleeping in one bed is really a bit..."
"In that case, I shall sleep using Fenrir as a mattress."
"...Okay okay, I get it! I'll sleep on the bed, so please don't do that!"
Since she said it already, Kamito had no choice but to obey. But if the fact of his sleeping with Rinslet ever got out, he would certainly be exterminated by the Laurenfrost retainers, right?
(...Or perhaps, I'm just overthinking things?)
Shrugging helplessly, Kamito walked over to the bed.
However, Rinslet gripped the sheets without moving.
"Excuse me, Kamito-san?"
"Huh?"
"I can't change while you're here, Kamito-san!"
"Oh, sorry!"
Kamito frantically left the room.
Then after waiting at the door for a while—
"Kyah! What's with this nightgown!?"
A small scream was heard from inside the room.
"Rinslet?"
"No, nothing. Umm... You may come in now."
"Oh, okay..."
She had apparently finished changing. Kamito took a deep breath and opened the door.
(...!)
But he gasped, his brain going blank.
Rinslet's pajamas were—
An extremely sheer nightgown of lace, exquisitely embroidered.
(H-Her panties are totally visible...)
Through the nightgown's thin fabric, the style of her panties was completely clear to see.
Rinslet frantically held a blanket in front of her chest.
"D-Don't get the wrong idea! This must be Carol's fault... I have never ever worn such a shameless nightgown..."
Rinslet's voice grew smaller and smaller.
...It looked like Carol had made another airheaded blunder again.
"I-I see..."
Kamito gulped and slowly walked into the room under the incomparably tense atmosphere.
The bedside lighting shone on her face that was scorching from embarrassment.
Kamito slowly approached. Rinslet was so embarrassed that she buried her head in the blanket.
"...Umm, is this really okay? Sleeping together..."
"A noble never goes back on her word!"
Rinslet turned away.
While she had turned away, Kamito swiftly took off his uniform and changed into his pajamas. Suppressing the wavering in his heart, he squeezed into the sheets.
The crude bed was cold and hard, nothing like the ones at the Academy at all.
"So, won't just one blanket be cold?"
Lying down with their backs against each other, Kamito extinguished the light at the bedside.
"We can't squander the fire spirit crystals carelessly."
Rinslet whispered lightly by his ear.
"Also, the Kyria Mountain Range is much colder than this."
"You're right..."
Under the blanket, Kamito was shivering from cold.
In the darkness, the rustling sound of friction between clothing could be heard—
Boing~♪
Using both arms, Rinslet hugged Kamito from behind.
"R-Rinslet!? What are you—"
"L-Like this, it'll be slightly warmer."
Rinslet buried her face into Kamito's back and said softly.
"True, this will be better for warmth, but..."
Embraced by her arms, Kamito was unable to move at all.
Fine hair rubbed against the back of his neck... So tickling...
(...This situation is bad!)
Wanting to change his sleeping posture, Kamito turned slightly.
Boing~♪
"Ah... Mmm... ♪"
"...!"
"K-Kamito-san... Please don't move suddenly, mmm..."
"...Hmm?"
Boing, boing♪
"...Ah, mmmmm..."
Kamito moved again, causing weird noises to be heard.
"Mmm... H-Hah... Serious, Kamito-san, you're so bad."
Wanting to shift his sleeping posture, Kamito felt that something had gotten caught on his clothing.
(In that case, I'll have to use that move...)
Kamito closed his eyes—
Relaxing his entire body, making his mind as still as water.
"...Kamito-san?"
"Zzz... Zzz..."
...Poke, poke.
"Zzz..."
No reaction even when poked in the cheek. "The Act of Mental Oblivion"—Trained as part of an assassin's skill set, it was not something anyone could do.
"...Seriously, he's asleep already."
Rinslet remarked a bit disappointed.
"...Then I shall sleep too."
Relaxing her arms slightly, Rinslet gradually drifted off into her dreams.
(...That's falling asleep way too easily!)
Claire was also the type to fall asleep easily. Probably all noble young ladies were like this?
And also due to exhaustion. No matter what, they had to hurry on their journey early the next morning.
In any case, Kamito breathed a sigh of relief. Slightly, he moved his body under the blanket.
They still needed to hasten their expedition tomorrow, aiming to cross the mountain range ravaged by cold winds and heavy snow before sundown.
Closing his eyes, Kamito slept for real this time.
"...Soon, I'll be able to see... Judia."
Probably in the middle of a dream, these words slipped out of her mouth.
(...Judia?)
Kamito was shocked.
Judia Laurenfrost. She was Rinslet's younger sister who had failed in a kagura dance offering to the elemental lords and was sealed into eternal cursed ice several years ago.
Rinslet's reason for entering the Blade Dance was to save her. But in the end, this wish could not be realized. Until Iseria Seaward retrieved her full power, breaking the cursed ice was impossible.
Despite her haughty airs at school, her thoughts were always with her younger sister that was sealed in ice.
"I must... save you..."
"...Rinslet."
Kamito gripped Rinslet's hand tightly.
The next morning, Kamito woke before the sun had completely risen.
"Gah... So cold... This place is freezing!"
Flipping the blanket open, he drew in a breath of the icy air.
While Kamito was stretching, a familiar sound was heard from the bed.
Lying next to Kamito, dressed in a nightgown, Rinslet was still asleep. Her face was showing a vulnerable and unguarded expression that was almost impossible to see normally.
Accidentally recalling what happened last night, Kamito felt his face heat up.
In order not to rouse her, Kamito gently got off the bed and opened a small window in the corner of the room.
Although the storm had stopped blowing, snow continued to fall. The accumulated snow on the roadside was being melted by a flame spirit that someone had summoned. Although summoning spirits on the roadside without permission was forbidden by the Empire, it could not be helped under such conditions.
(...But there still seems to be a storm over on that side.)
Kamito looked out to the mountains in the distance.
The mountain range had thick clouds gathered over it. It was impossible to see peaks from his location.
"...Although the innkeeper guy mentioned the appearance of monsters..."
"Kamito, you already got up?"
"...Hmm?"
Kamito looked back at the voice in the room.
Standing there was a snow fairy.
"...E-Est, what's with that getup?"
Kamito could not help but widen his eyes.
Est was dressed in a bulky winter jacket with thick gloves on her hands and a fluffy cylindrical fur hat. Extremely cute.
"This is standard winter gear for locals. I conjured it by using pedestrians on the street for reference."
Est answered while spinning expressionlessly.
Her long, shiny, silver-white hair was as dazzling as snow under sunlight.
"Kamito, what do you think?"
"O-Oh. It's very cute."
Kamito expressed his honest feelings.
(...Spirits aren't supposed to feel cold, right?)
Kamito remarked in his heart. Oh well, whatever, it's cute anyway.
As he said that, Est spun again—
"How is it?"
"Yeah! It's very cute!"
"I'm so glad, Kamito."
Est spun on her own again and again.
...Spinning, spinning.
...Spinning, spinning.
"Uwah, Kamito. My eyes are starting to spin—"
"Hey, are you alright!?"
"...You two, what exactly are you doing?"
Waking up, Rinslet tilted her head in puzzlement.
Just as Kamito's group was about to set off towards the Kyria Mountain Range—
Claire had returned to the Academy from Elstein lands.
"...If it's Kamito, he should be fine without me by his side, right?"
Humming a song in a good mood, Claire walked towards the classroom of Raven Class.
She was carrying a box which contained a famous Elstein specialty, hot spring steamed buns.
"If I'm not here, he must be very lonely... He might even be up to playing pranks."
In any case, after spending happy times with her family, Claire was currently in a very delightful mood.
"Next time, I should take Kamito on a trip to the Elstein hot springs. Because Kamito cooks for me all the time—This counts as a reward for all the help he gives me regularly."
Claire stopped in front of Raven Class's window.
Adjusting her twintails with her hands, she then checked her attire.
(...What am I getting high-strung about?)
Suddenly feeling nervous for some reason, Claire's cheeks turned bright red.
(I-It's just been a few days I haven't seen him...)
Clearing her throat, Claire stepped forward again.
(Fianna has gone to the All Nations Conference, so the room is left to j-just the two of us...)
On the way to the student dormitories, Claire felt inexplicably nervous, her heart pounding nonstop.
Finally reaching the dormitory door, she took a deep breath and opened the door.
"Kamito, I'm back... Oh?"
Still holding the door handle, Claire cocked her head in puzzlement.
...There was no one in the room.
"...Hmm? Kamito?"
She searched all over the room once, but did not find anything.
"...Hmph, what's this...? So my nervousness went to waste."
Claire threw her souvenirs onto the table and threw herself onto Kamito's bed, playing with her hair.
"What is the meaning of this, Kamito that jerk..."
...Thump, thump, thump.
Taking her anger out on the pillow, Claire then buried her face into it.
Hugging the pillow in this manner—
Recently, she seemed to have acquired this kind of habit... Just by hugging his pillow like this, her feelings would calm down.
(Going out to shop or whatever's fine, just come back soon, you great big jerk...)
...Burying her face in pillow, she took a deep breath.
"..., ...Kami... to..."
...What to do? After mere days of separation, to think she would feel this lonely.
She wanted to hear his voice as quickly as possible. She wanted him to stroke her head gently.
"...Ohh... Hurry—and—come back..."
...Rolling, rolling, rolling.
Hugging the pillow like that, Claire rolled and rolled on the bed.
Suddenly, she fell off the bed with a thud—
"...Hmm?"
Something seemed to have fallen off the bed... Something like a note.
"...What's this?"
Claire climbed back up and picked up the note on the floor.
"...Hmm... 'Going out on a long journey for now. If you need dinner, just eat outside...'"
Her hands trembled from anger while her crimson hair stood on end like flames.
"What on earth is the meaning of this——!"
The note was incinerated into ash in Claire's hand.
...An hour later.
The oppressive atmosphere was finally conquered by Scarlet's fuzzy tail's tickling attack.
Academy Town. In a sickroom at Saint Seraelle Hospital...
"Miss Ellis Fahrengart, you may leave the hospital today. Congratulations."
The princess maiden healer came to inform Ellis of this news.
"But speaking of which, I was really surprised. Although elementalists have much stronger recovery abilities than ordinary people, I never expected you to be fully healed so soon—"
"...Yes, I surprised myself as well."
Ellis nodded with a solemn expression.
She originally thought she was several days away from being discharged from the hospital.
"Do you have any idea regarding the reason?"
The healer in charge of Ellis asked incredulously.
A contract with a holy spirit or water spirit would be slightly understandable, but Ellis was contracted to a wind spirit, which could not possibly confer such massive recovery ability.
"Hmm, well, even if you ask, I have no idea either..."
Ellis avoided eye contact with the healer.
"...Hmm, really?'
"O-Of course!"
Ellis answered guiltily under the healer's skeptical gaze.
...Of course, she did not have no idea at all.
Ellis had started recovering rapidly during this time yesterday.
(...At the time, I felt some kind of invisible power flowing into my body, that was the feeling.)
Ellis touched her lips lightly with her hand, her face instantly growing hot.
(...I cannot believe I did something so shameless!)
As the Captain of the Knights, Ellis was supposed to serve as the students' role model, upholding public morals by example. However—
The sensation of lips was so concrete. In the depths of her mind, she recalled the feeling that was numbingly sweet.
"Miss Ellis, what's with you?"
"Nothing is wrong!"
Face bright red, Ellis shook her head forcefully.
Already out of the hospital, Ellis made her way to the school building to find out about resuming the Knights' work.
(...Even so, it really is quite unbelievable.)
Along the main street in town, Ellis thought while walking.
(Could it be that Kamito's power flowed in reverse to my body? That kind of thing should not happen—)
For example, when Fianna applied healing magic to Kamito through direct contact, she never said anything about power flowing in reverse.
(...L-Looks like I must test it out again.)
I must test it out again thoroughly—Ellis made the decision on her own accord.
—Just at that moment, there was a commotion on the side of the road.
"...Hmm, what is happening?"
Rapidly switching back to serious knight mode, Ellis looked over there.
In the plaza direction, flames were currently burning intensely.
...No ordinary fire, this was the work of spirits.
"Summoning spirits in the Academy Town is against the rules...!"
Ellis frantically hurried over to the commotion.
But just as she arrived, over there was—
"Wha... Claire!?"
Rumble rumble rumble rumble rumble rumble...!
A girl carrying a large amount of luggage on her back. It was Claire.
Enveloped in flames, her red twintails were billowing in the wind.
Depending on a spirit's attributes, various effects could manifest on the elementalist's body.
Claire was apparently the true source of the flames seen from afar.
"C-Claire, what exactly is going on?"
Hearing Ellis's voice, Claire looked at her.
"Not here, not there, not anywhere!"
Intimidated by her forcefulness, Ellis halted in her tracks.
...She looked extremely angry.
"Kamito, Kamito, he abandoned me all alone... S-Sob sob~..."
Claire burst into tears, her intimidating twintails also fell back down.
"...W-Wait. I totally fail to understand what you are talking about. First tell me the whole story."
"O-Okay... Sob..."
—Claire told everything from the start, leading to the commotion at the plaza.
"...What? Going with Rinslet, just the two of them!?"
Yesterday when visiting Ellis, Kamito had definitely said he was going to Laurenfrost.
However—
"J-Just the two of them going... I never heard about that!"
Ellis yelled angrily. This was a major incident!
Because speaking of two people on a trip—
(...That means spending nights outside together!)
Just imagining it slightly made Ellis's face go bright red.
...No good, I must believe in Kamito. Even though it was just the two of them traveling together, Kamito was surely not going to do something dastardly, right? But trips offered excellent opportunities for improving male-female relationships. In that case, it would not be surprising if anything happened.
Also, Claire looked like she was not going to give up until she chased down Kamito.
"...I-I am going too!"
Ellis declared.
"...Eh?"
Eyes red and swollen from crying, Claire tilted her head in puzzlement after hearing Ellis.
"...It's fine if you don't come along. Also, you have the Knights' work, right?"
"How could I ignore something as shameless as a boy and a girl traveling alone together? Correcting these morally deficient practices is precisely part of the Knights' work!"
"Th-That's just making excuses, right? You don't have to go out of your way to come along."
"Hmm, are you really sure this is fine?"
"...What do you mean?"
Ellis raised an index finger and explained.
"Listen carefully. The two of them set off from the Academy yesterday during the daytime. If you start chasing now, it is quite unrealistic in terms of time."
"True, you have a point, but..."
"However, with the assistance of a demon wind spirit with flying and tracking abilities, chasing them down in one or two days is not impossible."
"Guh..."
Claire could not find any reason to object.
...Just as Ellis pointed out, without a demon wind spirit's assistance, there was no way to catch up to Kamito and Rinslet.
"How now? Have you made your decision?"
"Uh~huh."
—So that was that.
In the end, the situation became Claire and Ellis chasing after Kamito together.
"Luminaris-sama, that tree looks familiar—"
"...We circled back here again? What on earth is going on?"
—In the depths of the Forest of Ice Blossoms. Covered by thick snow, the forest was shrouded in dense fog. The Holy Kingdom's knights had already gone in circles for dozens of hours.
In the forest's center, the surrounding fog was getting denser and denser. Spirits that looked just like trees were using skillful changes of their appearances to deceive the intruders' eyes.
It was like the entire forest was refusing their entry.
(...By the way, why did it become like this?)
Luminaris could not help but show a bitter expression on her dignified face.
Despite being the cream-of-the-crop from the Sacred Spirit Knights with their outstanding martial ability, perhaps they might even get wiped out by the enemy if they kept circling aimlessly in the snow-covered forest like this. But on the other hand, the surrounding fog's increasing density was indicating that they were getting closer and closer to their destination.
This dense fog was definitely no natural phenomena—A magic Barrier.
Not the darkness spirit's doing. Back when the old couple from the village discovered her, she was incapable of walking, not even able to speak. In her current state, making this kind of barrier was impossible.
(...No mistake, this Barrier must belong to the Elfim race.)
A Barrier capable of covering the entire forest was definitely impossible to deploy by one person's efforts alone. Very likely, this was erected using ancient ruins as a foundation.
Also, with great certainty, the darkness spirit was with the Elfim race.
(...So, we shall not falter here.)
Luminaris issued orders to her subordinates.
"Starting now, we will split into two teams to act separately. If you find any ancient stone monuments or old trees in the forest, destroy them directly. They are very likely to be the barrier's foundations."
"...!"
The four subordinates looked at one another.
"But doesn't that go against the treaty—"
Even during war time, destroying ancient ruins was forbidden. This was part of the terms that the nations had already decided between themselves. However, Luminaris was issuing an order to destroy ruins.
"Just act according to my orders, for I will take responsibility. Otherwise, we will die in this land of snow at this rate."
Faced with Luminaris's irrefutable command, the Holy Kingdom's knights nodded with determination.

After setting off from Frost Town, several hours had passed.
Reaching halfway up the mountain happened even later.
It was currently noon but the sky was blotted by thick layers of clouds, making it totally impossible to see the sun.
The blizzard was blowing harder and harder. Mixed with frost and snow, the raging winds howled while they rampaged.
The view was just a wide expanse of white.
"...It's almost impossible to see ahead!"
Inside the blizzard, Kamito yelled towards Rinslet.
As soon as he opened his mouth, a strong gust of cold air went straight into his lungs.
"You must keep Fenrir's tail firmly in your sights!"
Rinslet's voice could be heard from somewhere.
She was supposed to be advancing while riding Fenrir's back, but given the pure-white view, Kamito could not even tell which direction was which.
Relying on Rinslet's voice, Kamito tried hard to find the figure of Fenrir the vanguard.
More precisely, he was looking for the light from the spirit crystal tied to Fenrir's tail.
The faint light swaying in the blizzard was the only beacon to guide Kamito's direction of advance.
Finally finding that faint light ahead in his view, Kamito adjusted his direction slightly.
To prevent sinking into the deep snow, Kamito focused divine power into his legs, staying in a state akin to floating. This was a technique for moving over snowy terrain and it required extensive training to master.
(...This turns out to be more exhausting than imagined.)
The Academy's uniform was already woven with magic for resisting cold, but even together with extra winter clothing, this extreme cold was still unbearable. Entering these snow-covered mountains without sufficient preparation would undoubted lead to getting frozen to death.
Of the prepared fire spirit crystals, two were already about to become spent. Once exhausted of power, fire spirits would return to Astral Zero, turning spirit crystals into something indistinguishable from transparent stones.
Although Kamito was struck with an impulse to simply release the Demon Slayer's power to blow apart the blizzard, actually doing so would probably cause a massive avalanche.
Kamito quickened his pace and finally caught up to Fenrir ahead.
"...H-Huff... Although I prepared myself mentally... Nothing less expected of the Kyria Mountain Range."
Almost out of breath, Kamito stabbed the Demon Slayer into the snow.
"From now on, the road will get even tougher."
Riding Fenrir, Rinslet looked back and said.
"Say, it's about time for a break, right..."
"No, you must break past this place before the blizzard exhausts your stamina."
"I guess you're right..."
Looking around, Kamito saw that there was no place at all to stop and rest.
Taking out a water bottle, Kamito took a sip of black tea which had plenty of sugar and raw ginger added, warming up his chest instantly.
There was also a tiny piece of fire spirit crystal inside the flask to prevent the tea from freezing over.
"I remember there's a cottage built for hikers up ahead. There is a stove inside there, so we could warm up some milk and make some pancakes."
"Then I'm looking forward to it."
Rinslet's pancakes were probably his only hope in this freezing hell.
"But you see—"
Kamito looked up at the sky with its heavy layers of clouds.
"It really doesn't seem like an ordinary blizzard..."
"...Indeed. I have never seen it snow like this in all my years growing up."
Rinslet nodded.
Even if someone possessed a spirit with flight capabilities, it was probably impossible to fly under these conditions.
"Could it really be Zirnitra...?"
"...Zirnitra?"
Kamito asked with curiosity.
—Speaking of which, he seemed to have heard this name at the tavern yesterday as well.
"It's an ancient legend in the lands of Laurenfrost."
Rinslet explained.
"Zirnitra is the guardian spirit of Laurenfrost. A thousand years ago, during the Demon King War, spirits that were fighting under Demon King Solomon's banner were sealed into this Kyria Mountain Range, so the story goes."
"Uh... In the end, it's just a legend... Right?"
"Yes. However, no one knows for sure whether that kind of spirit actually exists for real."
Rinslet shrugged and took out a slightly larger spirit crystal.
"I shall release Fire Magic's Protection. Please step back slightly."
"Yeah, got it."
"—O burning flame of protection, I beseech thee to grant us thy protection."
Pouring divine power into the spirit crystal, Rinslet recited an incantation of releasing.
Instantly, the spirit crystal released powerful heat, covering the surroundings with warm air.
An anti-snow barrier was deployed from the spirit crystal, finally freeing up visibility that had been invaded by the snow.
However, Kamito could not help but gasp at the scene before them—
A giant valley of two opposite walls of ice. The path running along the precipitous cliff suddenly became very narrow. A single misstep would mean falling directly to the bottom of the valley.
"...Are we taking this route? It's going to be a pain."
"There is actually a safer route, but if we followed that one, it would be impossible to traverse this mountain today."
"I see, then it really can't be helped..."
Kamito took a step forward. Fragments of ice underfoot rolled and fell to the valley's bottom.
"We should hurry, Fire Magic's Protection cannot persist for long."
If the spirit crystal's effect vanished halfway, survival would definitely be impossible.
With Fenrir heading the vanguard, the two of them followed cautiously after him.
Along the way, Kamito saw countless ice caves on the opposite cliff face.
"Those ice caves, are they naturally formed?"
"People say that those were the homes of Frost Giants."
"I see..."
The Frost Giants were a race that had come from Astral Zero to this continent and built a vast empire before the rise of mankind. Although they had already gone extinct several thousand years ago, the countless ice caves dug out from the walls of the cliff remained preserved and untouched, giving a somber feeling of history.
Just as Kamito's emotions stirred while he was looking at the ice caves...
He heard the sound of wings flapping overhead, sounding strong enough to tear the air apart.
"—Wha!?"
He frantically looked up.
Ripping apart the dark-gray clouds, a giant winged silhouette was flying in approach.
"—That's an ice dragon!?"
Rinslet yelled.
Talons as sharp as blades. Ice-like scales covering the entire body. A breed of flying dragon.
A pair of crimson eyes flashed with blazing light, locking down on Kamito and Rinslet below.
"So it looks like the rumors of a monster are true!"
Gripping the Demon Slayer tightly, Kamito prepared for battle.
The ice dragon was not intimidated and descended rapidly from the air, posturing its massive talons for attack.
The attack powered by overwhelming weight was parried by Kamito's sword. The talons were shattered while the ice dragon smashed into a wall of ice with its original momentum. The ice wall shattered, producing scattering ice debris that blocked Kamito's view.
"Kamito-san, be careful of the ground!"
Hearing Rinslet's warning, Kamito hastily jumped backwards.
Immediately, the path along the cliff collapsed. The place he had been standing was instantly turned into shattered ice, rolling into the valley. Kamito broke out with cold sweat in fright.
(...Fighting here is way too risky!)
Among all dragons, ice dragons were only ranked in the middle. Under normal conditions, for Kamito who was able to solo high-level demonic dragons, ice dragons would not count as terrifying enemies.
But under such adverse terrain and weather, there was no way for him to bring out his original power.
After crashing into the ice wall, the ice dragon shook its giant body and flew into the sky again.
"Freezing fangs of ice, go forth and pierce -- Freezing Arrow!"
Having released her elemental waffe, Rinslet swiftly fired arrows.
However, they were almost all dodged by the ice dragon circling in the blizzard.
"...It's totally impossible to aim properly in such a heavy blizzard!"
Meanwhile, the ice dragon was a breed of dragon blessed with the protection of ice. Even in this kind of weather, they were capable of flying freely without problems.
The ice dragon flew towards Rinslet while she was firing with her bow, opening its jaws lined with sharp teeth.
Its mouth began to glow—
Kamito jumped and stood in front of Rinslet to shield her—
"—Est, I'm counting on you!"
'—Yes, Kamito.'
The Demon Slayer released its full power.
At the same time, countless sword-like shards of ice were brought by the howling blizzard.
Dragon's Breath—One of the reasons why dragons were considered the most terrifying of all magic beasts.
"...! Ohhhhhhhhhhh!"
The sacred blade released silver-white radiance. The flash of light erupting from the Demon Slayer melted and destroyed the countless ice blades blown by the rampaging wind.
"Kamito-san—"
"Rinslet, let's retreat back to the place we were just now. Otherwise, it's impossible to fight properly here."
"I understand—Freezing Rain!"
Rinslet nocked five arrows and fired them into the sky.
The arrows suddenly split apart in the air, turning into countless blades flying towards the ice dragon's scales. Since dragons possessed high magic resistance, this kind of attack was probably quite ineffective, but at least it was enough to halt the ice dragon for now.
While the ice dragon was hindered, the two of them swiftly returned along the path they had came.
They could still hear the sound of wings flapping behind them. Shaking off the ice adhering to its body, the ice dragon made an ear-splitting roar and flew high in the sky.
"The ice dragon is escaping!"
"No, that's not right—!"
Almost entirely through instinct, Kamito grabbed Rinslet's arm while she was running alongside him.
At the same time, there was the sound of something slicing through the air, enough to shake the atmosphere.
The ice dragon was making a rapid dive at the ice cliff above Kamito and Rinslet. The impact broke off a large chunk of the cliff and giant blocks of ice were rolling from above.
(Damn it—!)
Kamito forcefully pulled Rinslet's arm that he was holding and hit the ground while covering her. Then he immediately drew out the Demon Slayer to smash apart the falling blocks of ice.
Falling down one after another, the ice blocked their path completely.
"...Our retreat has been cut off entirely."
Dragons had the highest intelligence among all magic beast, even to the point that there existed some among high-level dragons that were capable of human speech.
This ice dragon was also very crafty.
Flying to the air once more, the ice dragon looked like it intended to continue breaking the ice cliff.
"...Go here!"
Pulling Rinslet's hand, he returned to the path they had been walking along. Finding his body unable to move freely at will, Kamito was greatly anxious, for his entire body's muscles had grown sluggish due to the air temperature together with the thick winter clothing that was difficult to move in. The accumulated fatigue instantly erupted all at once.
(...Also, this air here is so thin.)
Trying to get more oxygen was making him take large breaths through his mouth irregularly, causing his divine power to become unstable. Without highly concentrated divine power, the Demon Slayer would be nothing more than a blunt blade.
"Kamito-san, the Fire Magic's Protection is almost over!"
Rinslet yelled.
The fire spirit crystal's barrier effect shrunk greatly in area.
"At this rate, the situation will get worse and worse—"
Kamito suddenly halted and stared at the ice dragon circling in the air above.
"...Do you have a plan?"
"Even if only for an instant, can you find a way to suppress that thing?"
"Then what are you planning to do then?"
"Well, you'll see when the time comes."
Hearing Kamito's answer—
"—In that case, I shall try!"
The platinum blonde hair fluttered forcefully.
Rinslet nodded with an expression filled with confidence.
"Freezing fangs of ice, go forth and pierce—Freezing Arrow!"
Readying her elemental waffe, the bow, she shot an arrow to the sky.
Rather than the ice dragon's body that possessed high magical resistance, the target was above its head—
Freezing the air over the ice dragon, she created a giant block of ice.
"O hammer that punishes the proudly strong—Frost Fall!"
A giant block of ice, twice the size of the ice dragon, fell straight down under the action of gravity.
Struck by the overwhelming weight, the ice dragon roared in pain.
"Now is the moment!"
"Yeah!"
Yelling, Kamito had already taken off his winter coat that had snow and ice all stuck to it.
Releasing his divine power completely, he kicked the ice wall and used the crumbling cliff to move straight up.
"Th-That is way too reckless!"
Rinslet screamed shrilly.
"Don't worry, I'm counting on you to cover me!"
Kicking the wall of ice, he rose to the cliff's pinnacle in one breath.
"Ohhhhhhhhhhh...!"
Raising the Demon Slayer up high, Kamito made a thrust at the ice dragon's back along with the ice.
The dragon's scales broke and scattered with a metallic sound.
(—How hard is this thing!?)
Kamito exclaimed with surprise in his heart. Dragon scales were the hardest material on the continent. In his current state, unable to control Est's power in a stable manner, it was very difficult for Kamito to pierce the ice dragon completely.
ROOOOOOOOOAAAAAAAAAR!
Howling angrily, the ice dragon flew up into the sky again, turning at high speed in the violent blizzard.
"Guh...!"
Kamito tightly gripped the sacred sword that was stabbed into the dragon's back.
A bottomless abyss lay below. Letting go would mean instant death.
(I'm counting on you, Rinslet—!)
Down at the cliff, Rinslet was currently chanting high-level spirit magic.
In the blizzard, Kamito could hear her clear voice resounding faintly.
"—I hereby summon thee, capable of defending against the breath of dragons and the arms of giants, the frozen shield—!"
—With that, the spirit magic was complete.
Countless giant walls of ice extended out from the silver-white shattered ground, one after another.
Kamito pulled out the Demon Slayer and jumped down from the dragon's back.
His entire body's muscles shuddering, Kamito curled up in the air, bracing himself for the impact.
In the next instant, Kamito fell down hard on the ground surface of ice.
Ice Wall—Defensive spirit magic originally used for defense had now prepared an excellent battlefield.
"Well done, Rinslet!"
"You really would have fallen directly to the bottom of the valley if this failed!"
Rinslet yelled angrily.
The wounded ice dragon's eyes shone red with wrath. Opening its jaws, it was about to release another dragon's breath.
But this was exactly the chance Kamito was waiting for.
"—Let's do it, Est!"
'—Yes, Kamito.'
Est's reply could be heard from the divine power enveloping his right hand.
"O steel wrapped in endless darkness, the Demon King's Sword—Terminus Est Zwei!"
The instant he yelled, his right hand's spirit seal gave off dazzling light.
Carved on top of the sword emblem was Restia Ashdoll's emblem.
"O endless darkness, slaughter mine enemy—Vorpal Blast!"
Aiming at the dragon's giant glowing mouth, Kamito swung the steel sword that was dyed by the color of darkness.
Dark lightning erupted, piercing the ice dragon's throat.
"Dragon scales are what possesses high magical resistance but that kind of thing can't possibly be inside the dragon's body, right?"
Roaring with wrath, the ice dragon fell straight into the abyss of the valley.
"...Is it dead?"
Rinslet walked over.
"...No, dragons have extremely powerful vitality. Before that thing recovers—"
—Mid-sentence, Kamito swallowed the rest of his words.
Suddenly, the blizzard was even stronger than before—
A giant shadow covered them from above.
(...Another one!?)
Kamito jumped in fright. Also, this one was even bigger than the ice dragon from just now.
(No way...)
It was not that Kamito had been careless. Dragons tended to be highly territorial and chances for two dragons to appear simultaneously at the same place were very low.
(...But why are there six more ice dragons!)
Rumble—The six ice dragons landed on the ground neatly.
(...It's over—!)
Currently, Kamito and Rinslet were standing on a temporary foothold created by magic. Naturally, there was no way it could withstand such a great impact.
The ice underfoot cracked open and collapsed instant—!
"Kyah!"
"Rinslet, hold onto me tight!"
Saying that, Kamito reached out to catch Rinslet.
In that manner, together with the collapsing ice, they fell towards the bottomless darkness.
"...Damn it—!"
Kamito bent his body in midair and used the sword gripped tightly in his right hand to stab into the wall of ice.
Screech—Accompanied by violent scattering sparks, a trail was carved on the ice wall.
But this was not enough to halt their falling momentum. Falling straight towards the bottom of the valley in this manner—
"G-uh...!"
"Kamito-san!"
"...Don't... let go no matter what!"
Kamito pulled Rinslet with great force.
(—What am I going to do about the bottom?)
Their falling speed kept increasing. At this rate, it was impossible to stop.
(...My arm strength, is already... reaching a limit...)
"Kamito-san, hurry and look over there!"
Rinslet suddenly cried out.
Looking down, Kamito saw a place in the ice wall that could serve as a foothold.
(That's an ice cave of the Frost Giants!)
Seeing a ray of hope... A very faint ray of hope.
(...It's too far. But there's no choice but to try—)
If he failed to jump with the right timing, only death awaited them.
"Okay, hold on tight to me—"
"Y-Yes!"
Pouring his entire body's divine power into his right hand, Kamito released the Demon Slayer's power.
The blade gave off a flash of dazzling light, shattering the ice wall.
"Ohhhhhhhhh!"
Kicking at the ice wall, Kamito jumped towards the ice cave. All that remained was falling under gravity and leaving things to fate.
(This must succeed!)
—Kamito closed his eyes.
"...-san, Kamito-san!"
"...Gu, uh..."
Opening his eyes slightly, he saw Rinslet's face while she was desperately calling to him.
Confirming that Kamito was still conscious, Rinslet exhaled in relief.
"...Looks like, it seems to have succeeded."
Making a twisted expression from the pain attacking his entire body, Kamito whispered. Landing on his back in order to protect Rinslet, Kamito had virtually taken on all of the impact.
(...Due to a powerful impact hitting my spine, my entire body is in a state of paralysis. Also, my right arm is dislocated.)
Lying face up, Kamito calmly assessed his body's condition.
If he tried to stand up forcibly, it would probably hurt like hell.
Without getting up, Kamito surveyed his surroundings.
This was a giant cave that was carved out of the ice wall. The ceiling was very high while the depths was completely pitch dark.
"...Could it be that this ice cave leads to somewhere?"
"The imperial capital's Spirit Investigation Association investigated many times already. But because the internal structure is too complicated, ultimately none of the investigations bore fruit."
"...I guess trying to cross the mountain through here doesn't work after all, right?"
"Getting lost in a labyrinth of ice would be even worse."
Rinslet shrugged as she answered.
"In other words, we need to climb back up the ice wall huh... Gah..."
"Y-You can't get up yet!"
Just as Kamito tried struggling to get up, Rinslet frantically held him down.
"But if you don't cross before sundown..."
Once night fell, the air temperature would become even lower. Staying here like this, they were going to freeze to death sooner or later.
"In your current state, there's no way you can climb up the ice wall no matter what. Besides, there's such a heavy blizzard as well."
"Umm..."
Kamito was instantly at a loss for words, looking out at the raging blizzard outside. Besides, with those ice dragons out there, with that kind of creature present, climbing up the ice wall was absolutely impossible—
Suddenly, Rinslet's fingertips touched Kamito's right hand.
"...Rinslet?"
"Please don't speak. I will now enchant you with healing magic."
She was holding a healing spirit crystal.
"O light of healing, I beseech thee to grant this person the power of life—"
After she recited a simple incantation, the spirit crystal gave off a gentle sacred light.
But still lying down, Kamito turned his head to look at Rinslet, pushing her hand away lightly.
"I'm very grateful for your kind intentions, but this sort of half-baked magic isn't going to work on my body. So Rinslet, you should use this spirit crystal on yourself."
The vast majority of healing magic belonged under the holy attribute. As an ice specialist, Rinslet was only able to use simple healing magic by borrowing a spirit crystal's power. To be honest, magic of this level was completely ineffective on Kamito whose body housed the Darkness Elemental Lord's power.
"I... have almost no injuries, you know?"
"Just now, when the ice broke, your foot was cut by the fragments, right?"
"Th-This level of minor injury is completely nothing compared to your condition, Kamito-san."
"It'll be a huge problem if scars were left behind on a girl. And look, I still have Steel's Protection from Est. This kind of small injury will heal on its own."
"...~G-Girl..."
Rinslet's face went bright red—
...As though making some kind of decision, she nodded forcefully.
"F-Feel honored, Kamito-san, since you have already said this much, then—"
"...Huh?"
Rustle rustle rustle... Fwip.
Suddenly, Rinslet took off her skirt.
"H-H-Hold on, what are you doing..."
"P-Please be quiet!"
Wearing only underwear on her lower body, Rinslet mounted Kamito.
Silken panties with delicate embroidery. Kamito could feel her soft thighs pressing against him.
"...!"
His entire body's blood flow sped up, instantly heating up his body.
"...I-I'll transmit this healing magic directly into your body, Kamito-san!"
Rinslet's face was bright red from embarrassment—
One by one, she unfastened the buttons on her uniform.
Clad in the pristine undergarment of pure white was a pair of voluptuous breasts.
Her snow-white skin was tinged slightly red. Long platinum blonde hair draping down, the sight of this body—
...Honestly, it was very pretty.
"...Rinslet."
Kamito was mesmerized by the sight instantly—
"S-Staring like that makes me very embarrassed..."
Rinslet pursed her lips tight.
"Please... close your eyes."
"Yeah, got it..."
Kamito hastily closed his eyes. He knew what Rinslet was about to do next. Indeed, transmitting healing magic through direct physical contact like this would have an effect to some extent. In actual fact, Fianna had been using this method to treat Kamito all this time.
Rinslet used her fingers to lightly remove Kamito's winter clothing then she unbuttoned his uniform.
Sweet breath. Dangling from the side of her cheeks, her long hair touched him... So tickling.
(...This is bad.)
Helpless to resist, Kamito could only exclaim in his heart.
(...Because my eyes are closed, all sorts of messed up imaginings are popping up in my mind!)
His outer uniform was completely removed, leaving just a shirt when Rinslet stopped. As one would expect, direct bodily contact with Kamito was probably very embarrassing.
"Umm, w-what need to be done next?"
Riding on Kamito's body, Rinslet sounded uncertain.
"Hey, Rinslet... Umm, you don't have to force yourself..."
"I am not forcing myself..."
She instantly retorted.
"A
"...!?"
Kamito felt a sensation from his lips.
"Mmm... Mmm...♪"
Rinslet extended her tongue, moist with saliva—
Instantly, Kamito felt vigor suddenly injected into his body.
(...This... is...)
A gentle light seeped into every nook and cranny in his body, sweeping away the fatigue in his limbs completely. Perhaps because she could feel the healing power working its effects, Rinslet pressed her lips down even more forcefully.
"Smooch... Mmm, huff... Mmm, mmm...♪"
"...Rins... let... enough...!"
Not because of pain but due to excessive embarrassment, Kamito could not help but cry out.
Several minutes later, the two of them were sitting back to back in order to avoid eye contact.
...The exceptionally awkward atmosphere hung in the air.
"U-Umm..."
Already dressed properly, Rinslet spoke up.
"I-I, umm... just now, did something so shameful."
"N-Not at all. You did it for the sake of healing. Thanks to you, I've recovered much of my stamina."
Kamito shook his right arm. Although it was still hurting to some extent, it no longer hindered his movements.
"...The blizzard doesn't look like it'll stop any time soon, so let's rest here a bit for now."
"You're right..."
Rinslet nodded and started activating a fire spirit crystal. After placing the red-glowing mineral on the ground and pouring in divine power, a warm light of fire illuminated the ice cave.
Fenrir opened his great jaws and spat out cooking utensils.
Rinslet poured milk into a small pot which she then placed on top of the burning mineral.
"That said—"
Kamito turned towards Rinslet.
"What's up with that group of ice dragons?"
"...I have no idea either."
Rinslet shook her head.
"Besides, the ice dragons of Laurenfrost were supposed to have gone extinct several centuries earlier. Why would they suddenly appear in this place—"
"So in the end, it's still related to the current abnormal weather, right—?"
Supporting his chin with a hand, Kamito entered deep thought.
"Could it be that the blizzard on the mountain is actually those ice dragons' doing?"
According to legend, dragons possessed incredible powers different from spirit magic. Furthermore, when the six ice dragons appeared at the same time, Kamito clearly felt the blizzard increasing in strength.
"That possibility cannot be ruled out. There are still many unknown areas in research on dragon ecology."
Rinslet nodded in agreement.
After a short while, the milk in the pot boiled.
"...Okay, what should we do next?"
Taking a sip of steaming hot milk, Kamito sighed. Rather than staying here and waiting to be frozen to death, he would prefer to simply take a gamble with the ice cave's labyrinth—
"Let us wait a little and see, shall we? The blizzard is not going to stop and we have no idea if it might let up a little. What I'll do now is prepare a portion of special pancakes first."
Holding a frying pan, Rinslet smiled nonchalantly.
"...I'm really sorry. It's my willfulness that got you caught up in all this."
"There is no need to feel guilty. I was the one who insisted on leading the way for you."
Rinslet flipped the pan that was being heated over the fire.
Fresh hot pancakes were served on a plate with a generous helping of butter and honey.
As the sweet aroma filled the air, Kamito's stomach rumbled and growled.
"Come, please enjoy—"
With the steaming plate brought before his eyes, Kamito instantly picked up a piece with his fork.
...Munch munch.
"...This is great!"
The soft and spongy texture, with honey absorbed in it, melted in his mouth. Not only that, but the edges were crunchy like a biscuit's.
Kamito finished a pancake within the blink of an eye.
"Kamito-san, you look like you are quite enjoying it."
"...Yeah, because it's really tasty."
Kamito made a thumbs up. Rinslet smiled radiantly.
Nevertheless, her face was soon shrouded in gloom.
"...For some reason I do not know why, I am suddenly reminded of her."
Rinslet murmured softly.
"...Her?"
"Yes, this pancake was her favorite."
Kamito suddenly remembered what Rinslet had said in her dreams the previous night.
"...That's your little sister, right...? The one who got sealed in cursed ice by the Elemental Lord."
Rinslet nodded.
"That was four years ago. Back then, she was only nine..."
Watching the sparks erupting from the spirit crystal, Rinslet continued.
—It was roughly several months before the incident of the Calamity Queen's betrayal. That year, the Laurenfrost region was holding a traditional Great Snow Festival.
In past years, Rinslet had always performed the princess maiden's kagura dance offering as the eldest daughter. But that year, it happened to be Judia's debut as a princess maiden on her ninth birthday, standing before the Laurenfrost subjects.
Just having turned nine, she was entering this kind of stage for the first time.
"Judia is a very endearing child and naturally gifted. However--"
The kagura dance she performed had incurred the Water Elemental Lord's ire. Rather, the Water Elemental Lord back then was corrupted by the Otherworldly Darkness and already in a complete state of insanity.
Judia's ritual had angered the mad elemental lord by chance.
"Of course, my father exhausted all possible solutions. He gathered all the princess maidens in Laurenfrost to offer kagura, trying to appease the elemental lord's wrath. However, no matter what they tried, they still could not melt the cursed ice..."
Hence, Rinslet had decided to participate in the Blade Dance tournament. Just like how Ren Ashbell, that Strongest Blade Dancer, had offered blade dances to the Elemental Lords three years ago, successfully placating their wrath—
"Hence, Kamito-san, I can understand your feelings for wanting to seek someone precious to you."
Rinslet looked at Kamito's left hand, the back of the hand where the spirit seal had vanished.
"I too, shall absolutely not abandon Judia."
"Yes, well said."
Kamito clenched his fist.
(...That's right, I must bring her back.)
Even if it meant chasing to the farthest ends of the world—
...Tug. Tug tug.
Feeling a sudden tugging at his sleeve, Kamito looked back.
"—Kamito, I am hungry too."
Materializing, Est was demanding food again.
"Est, you've been working hard too."
"Yes!"
Kamito caressed Est's head, causing her to half-close her eyes from the pleasure.
"There's Rinslet's special pancakes here and canned peaches."
"No beancurd?"
"Uh, that's a bit too..."
"Yes, we do—"
"Really!?"
With a snap of her finger, Rinslet took out a white object from Fenrir's mouth... Beancurd that was frozen solid.
"Can this be eaten directly?"
"No, I have to boil it again first."
Placing a pot on the burning spirit crystal, she added a large amount of snow.
As soon as the water boiled, she threw the frozen beancurd into the pot.
"Beancurd, beancurd♪"
Est's mysterious violet eyes flashed with the light of excitement while she was humming a strange song.
"This is the dish known as boiled beancurd."
"Boiled beancurd, boiled beancurd♪"
Humming a song expressionlessly, Est kept staring at the pot intently.
Seeing Est like that, Kamito smiled—
"...K-Kamito-san!"
Rinslet suddenly stood up and pointed outside the ice cave.
"Hmm?"
Kamito turned to look—
In the next instant, he was so shocked that his mouth gaped wide open and said the same thing as Rinslet.
"...The blizzard stopped?"
"—Luminaris-sama, the stone monuments suspected as part of the Barrier's foundation have all been destroyed."
Special operative Ayla reported to Luminaris.
"Good work... Turning out as predicted, the Barrier's disorienting mist effects have weakened."
Just as Luminaris pointed out, the drifting fog was much thinner than several hours earlier. Just now, it was a place where one could hardly see a step ahead, but now it was possible to see the several trees in front of them.
"Everyone, the destination is ahead. Let us set forth for the Forest Dwellers' village."
"Affirmative."
Giving her fatigued subordinates encouragement, she advanced further into the Forest of Ice Blossoms where it was still snowing.
Assuming the Barrier's effects were gradually going to weaken in this manner, they were going to see their destination eventually. It was unknown whether the Forest Dwellers had elementalists who controlled combat-type spirits, but even if they did, they were surely going to be defeated by the Sacred Spirit Knights.
Luminaris swung her sacred sword, chopping the branches blocking the way. Just at that moment—
The sound of giant flapping wings could be heard overhead.
"...What!?"
The surrounding fog was blown away in an instant while a powerful blizzard swept through the forest.
"...What is going on!?"
"Luminaris-sama, look over there quick!"
Her adjutant, Alda, was pointing above.
"...Could it be... dragons... no way!?"
Luminaris was speechless.
Looking up at the gray sky through the tree branches, they could see a group of giant dragons flying in the air.
Scales flashing ice-blue light. These were precisely the ice dragons inhabiting the north part of the continent.
Normally, dragons could not possibly move in groups due to their highly territorial nature. But dozens of dragons were currently flying overhead as though under central command, moving in a fixed formation.
The blizzard blew stronger and stronger, mercilessly attacking the girls who were cornered, unable to advance or retreat.
"Luminaris-sama...!" "This forest, what on earth...!?"
The ice dragons roared.
Eyes flashing with crimson light, they stared like predators at Luminaris and her group on the ground.
"—They're coming! Elemental waffe, release!"
Drawing her sword in a stance, Luminaris yelled.
(...Although human... yet different from humans... The Queen of Ice Blossoms...)
Left all alone with nothing to do, Restia was thinking over these things in her tent.
The girl who had appeared in the forest, possessing unbelievable powers.
The princess maiden Rana had said that Restia resembled that queen very much. However, Restia did not have the power to control ice dragons. Neither did she need to sleep for many days to store up power.
(...Or perhaps, it's just a visual resemblance?)
Sitting on the bed, Restia cocked her head to listen.
Noisy sounds of people running around were coming from outside the tent.
...Something had happened, apparently.
Walking outside in bare feet, she discovered it was the noise from children gathering in the plaza.
"...Hey, did something happen?"
Blocking one of the boys, Restia asked.
"...This is bad, the forest's fog is dispersing!"
"...Fog?"
Restia tilted her head in puzzlement.
"Umm, is it that serious?"
"The barrier is broken! Soon, armed elementalists are going to storm this place!"
"...No way...!"
Restia went pale, all color of blood leaving her face.
"Umm, the barrier can't be repaired?"
"No way. Those people have destroyed the stone monuments serving as the barrier's foundation. Even if we repair them, there's not enough time now—"
The children's commotion became greater and greater.
(...It must be the work of those people hunting for me.)
Restia bit her lip hard.
Those pursuers were definitely not going to let these children go.
(...I must hurry and leave this place.)
Secretly, she made her decision. She must not bring calamity upon the Forest Dwellers on account of herself.
That said, she did not know where to go to leave this place.
"—Everyone, please calm down."
A solemn voice resounded in the plaza.
Emerging from the depths of the forest, it was the princess maiden Rana.
Looking as calm and composed as someone advanced in age, Rana walked over to the plaza.
"Don't worry, the Queen of Ice Blossoms has already summoned the ice dragons from the Kyria Mountain Range."
"Her Highness the Queen?"
"Yes. Also, Once the queen fully awakens, Zirnitra's seal will be released. Then there is no need to rely on the Barrier anymore."
"Y-Yeah! You're right..."
Hearing Rana's confident speech, the children finally breathed a sigh of relief and nodded.
Seeing that, Restia instantly felt suspicions towards the Queen of Ice Blossoms.
(...Even at a time like this, she still has not appeared.)
Hence, she walked over to Rana who was standing in the center of the plaza—
"Where is that Queen of Ice Blossoms currently?"
A sharp voice.
"Didn't I mention before? Her Highness the Queen is currently sleeping in the shrine to accumulate power."
"Does the queen you speak of really exist?"
"She'll awaken very soon. The princess maidens are already preparing to welcome her arrival—"
"Yes, that's right.." "Onee-chan, don't worry. It'll be fine."
Restia shook her head lightly.
"I am truly grateful to you all for hiding me here. But the one the pursuers want is me. As long as I leave this place, you'll be fine."
Just as Restia turned around, intending to walk towards the forest—
"—You can't."
Restia's feet felt as though they had been nailed to the ground.
Suddenly, she was unable to move, as though paralyzed.
"...What... is going on...?"
"—I'm very sorry."
Rana's crimson eyes stared at Restia.
"Hiding you here is the will of the Queen of Ice Blossoms. If you try to leave, I cannot turn a blind eye—"
"...The will of the Queen of Ice Blossoms?"
Restia felt confused. What on earth was the reason—
"—Rana-sama!"
Running over from the depths of the forest, princess maidens showed panic on their faces.
"What's the matter?"
"Th-The shrine's situation—"
Rana was shocked.
"...Let's hurry over. You come along too."
"...What?"
Restia suddenly regained her body's freedom.
"—The Queen of Ice Blossoms has awakened."
The Ordesia Empire's capital—Ostdakia.
Commonly referred to as the "imperial capital," the city was formerly the town that the army led by Sacred Maiden Areishia had used as their stronghold during the Demon King War a thousand years earlier.
This town was merely a rural municipality back when the Demon King War ended, but thereafter, it began to flourish as the Ordesia Empire's military center, then gradually developed into its political center.
Moving the capital from Nebrasia in present-day Fahrengart territory happened roughly six centuries ago. From then on, it became one of the continent's most prosperous cities along with the Quina Empire's "realm capital" and the Holy Kingdom of Lugia's Alexandria.
This imperial capital was where factions from the continent's various nations had gathered for the upcoming All Nations Conference.
"...It's completely different from the Academy that's surrounded by the Spirit Forest."
The current location was a room in the Nefescal Palace in the city center.
Looking out into the streets from a window in the room, Fianna sighed.
"...The air here seems frozen solid."
"Princess, please try to keep still."
"Yes, yes..."
The handmaiden's chattering while tying the corset was making Fianna impatient. Fianna was currently putting on a glamorous white dress, a fitting match for her lustrous black hair and silver-white tiara.
Looking at the giant mirror hanging on the wall in the room, Fianna sighed again.
"Excuse me? Must I wear this no matter what?"
"Yes. There are rules prescribing the attire of princesses when summoned for an audience."
The handmaiden replied indifferently without changing her expression.
(...So boring.)
The handmaidens of the palace only treated Fianna as the Empire's second princess. They only served her for her status as an imperial princess, that was all. Back when Fianna was known as the Lost Queen and locked away in the palace, like those hated nobles, everyone was mocking her behind her back.
...Unlike her friends at the Academy who had fought alongside one another during the Blade Dance tournament.
With dusk-colored eyes a little gloomy, Fianna looked into the mirror again.
(...No matter what, I really miss Kamito-kun.)
That was what Fianna was thinking about.
As soon as she finished putting on her dress, there was a knock at the door.
"—It is almost time, Second Princess. Preparations are due for welcoming the various nations' representatives—"
Appearing at the door was a silver-haired spirit knight dressed in formal knight attire.
Fourth of the Numbers—Dunei Lampert, a spirit knight who had contracted with a spirit of the earth.
Fianna was not good at dealing with someone with an forthright and straitlaced personality like hers.
"...Understood."
Fianna sighed again, rising from her chair.
Walking along the corridor of the magnificent hanging gardens, they made their way to the great hall where the All Nations Conference was to be held.
"Aren't they making too big a deal out of things by asking you, a member of the Numbers to serve as my bodyguard?"
"It would be best if you would understand your own position better. You are currently the Empire's second princess. The most important person after His Highness Arneus and Her Highness Linnea—"
Dunei spoke without looking back while leading the way.
"Is there anyone in this imperial capital who would dare to target my life?"
"Last night, Balsas Prison was attacked by persons unknown."
"...Impossible!?"
Balsas Prison was a fortress located on the north side of the imperial capital. Originally built as a garrison post for the Anti-Demon King army, it was later converted to be used as the Empire's most secure prison. To think someone would attack this prison that was protected by powerful guardian spirits and numerous spirit knights, it was completely unbelievable.
"The perpetrators broke into the prison using a militarized spirit. Several of the prisoners in the lowest level escaped. Jio Inzagi, the merchant woman from Murders and the Fahrengart daughter—"
"Velsaria Eva?"
Fianna asked without thinking. The other two aside, Velsaria was supposed to be staying voluntarily in the deepest and harshest level of the prison to atone for her sins. To think she would do something like escaping from prison—
"And the perpetrators' identities?"
"Umbra is currently investigating. The perpetrators' objectives are still unclear but we cannot rule out the possibility of them targeting you, Princess. Hence, it is necessary to place a trustworthy bodyguard by your side."
"You're saying that the Numbers are trustworthy?"
Fianna's words brought awkwardness to Dunei's face.
The miraculous hands of healing—Lurie Lizaldia's betrayal had only occurred recently.
Succeeding in cracking that poker face, Fianna shrugged with slight satisfaction.
"But back to the subject, what meaning is there behind asking me to attend the All Nations Conference?"
"Your Highness Fianna, you are the elementalist approved by the imperial family's guardian spirit, Georgios. Right now, there is probably no one in the palace who would dare underestimate you anymore."
"How fickle. I thought I clearly abandoned the title of the second princess a long time ago."
"It is not something that can be abandoned so easily. This is the responsibility of royalty."
"...Yes, I understand."
Fianna bit her lip hard.
"There is also a sizable number of supporters who wish to nominate you as the successor to the throne instead of His Highness Arneus."
"You say that even as a member of Numbers?"
"I am simply reporting objective facts."
"..."
Among all the nations on the continent, there were virtually no cases of princess maidens ruling countries as sovereigns.
That was because princess maidens possessing the power of spirit contracts were all gathered at the Divine Ritual Institute where they were isolated from the mundane world. It was common belief that princess maidens' responsibilities lay with administering various rites and there was no need for them to care about political matters.
Hence, the Ordesia Empire had a custom of prioritizing male succession to the throne. Once the emperor abdicated, Fianna's elder brother, two years her senior, was supposed to succeed to the throne.
But there was a huge problem.
(...Arneus doesn't have what it takes to be emperor. All the citizens of the Empire know that.)
Fianna recalled images of his cruel visage, that of a person whom she had despised since childhood. In actual fact, there were people in the imperial council who had suggested bringing back First Princess Linnea who had entered the Divine Ritual Institute like Fianna, so that she could be wed to an influential noble.
But compared to the elder sister who had entered the Divine Ritual Institute, support for Fianna had also grown louder after she regained her power of the spirit contract. Ironically, her performance at the Blade Dance was precisely why she had gained the support of so many people.
(...What a pain.)
Fianna sighed. Unwilling to get caught up in the games of power struggles, she had never entertained the thought of marriage with influential nobles.
(...In my heart, I already have someone I love.)
Walking downstairs, they came to a great hall on the first floor.
Standing there was the person she wished to see the least.
"Hmph, well isn't this the useless Lost Queen eh? To think you'd be shameless enough to come sauntering back."
Dressed in grand imperial attire was a black-haired young man. Although quite good-looking in facial features, the cold light in his eyes rendered his handsome face a total waste.
Arneus Ray Ordesia—Fianna's elder brother.
"—Greetings to you, dear esteemed brother."
Fianna greeted politely without any emotion at all.
Just as she was about to enter the great hall directly—
"—Not so fast."
He yelled with agitation, stepping on the hem of her dress.
"How else may I help you?"
"...Cut the pretense. By this point, what are your intentions in returning to the palace?"
"I only returned because I was summoned by His Majesty the Emperor."
"Hmph, who knows. In the imperial council, there seems to be people recommending you as the successor to the throne."
Arneus look at Fianna with eyes of suspicion.
"I—"
Just as Fianna was about to refute him...
"Excuse me, Your Highness Arneus—"
Dunei interrupted.
"...What now?"
"Please set aside your conversation with your sister for now. The princess is currently required to greet our guests from various nations."
Staring at Dunei, the color of fear flashed across Arneus's eyes for an instant.
"...Tsk, a knight huh."
Arneus clicked his tongue and departed. Adjusting the hem of her dress, Fianna lamented.
"...Still hasn't changed the slightest, that person."
Leaving Dunei at the door, Fianna entered the great hall.
A giant table was prepared in the center of the hall. Furthest at the back was the seat of the Ordesian Emperor, Ugust Ray Ordesia.
Next to him were Prime Minister Conrad, Duke Cygnus Fahrengart, Margrave Gryas Laurenfrost and other top nobles of the Empire.
At the same time, Greyworth was present, dressed in formal knight attire. Formerly known as the continent's strongest spirit knight, the Dusk Witch still carried a powerful presence about her despite having retired.
Fianna greeted the emperor then sat down next to Greyworth.
"Wow, you look good in a dress too. Why don't you show it to the lad?"
"Well, no matter how I dress up to seduce him, Kamito-kun is always... Hey, now is not the time for jokes, Headmistress."
Fianna pouted and asked quietly:
"...Umm, how is Kamito-kun right now?"
"The lad should be on a journey to Laurenfrost right now."
"...Huh?"
Hearing an unexpected answer, Fianna could not help but exclaim.
"Why would he go to Laurenfrost?"
"...I'll tell you the details later. In any case, it's related to the darkness spirit."
Greyworth whispered quietly in her ear. Fianna nodded lightly.
"I heard that the Kyria Mountain Range is under rare heavy snowfall at the moment..."
"Well, he'll always find a way. Margrave Laurenfrost's daughter also went along."
"...Rinslet is with him as well?"
Fianna pouted.
"...Could it be that, a private trip for t-two? Is that what's going on!?"
"Fufu? Worried about the lad?"
"...Yes. In another sense."
Fianna sighed again.
"—Let us welcome the arrival of the representatives of all nations."
The voice of a guard was heard from outside the hall.
Entering the hall one after another were representatives from the continent's handful of major powers—the Quina Empire, the Dragon Duchy of Dracunia, the Kingdom of Balstan and the Holy Kingdom of Lugia.
Dracunia's diplomatic delegation included the Dragon Princess, Leonora Lancaster, whom Fianna's team had fought in the Blade Dance. This time, she was wearing a gorgeous formal dress rather than the military uniform of the Knights of the Dragon Emperor. Of course, that Dragon Slayer sword was not by her side either.
The Alphas Theocracy's delegation had not arrived yet. The most pressing matter on the agenda at this All Nations Conference was Sjora Kahn's coup d'etat. One of the reasons why Fianna was asked to join this conference was because she had directly interacted with Sjora during the Blade Dance.
"—Fianna, pay close attention to what the Holy Kingdom's representative says."
Greyworth whispered in her ear.
"The Holy Kingdom, huh?"
"A witch's intuition. Lately, the Holy Kingdom's movements have been quite unusual. According to my judgment, those people were also involved in the Theocracy's internal strife."
The piercing stare of Greyworth's gray eyes were directed at the cardinals dressed in vestments of pure white.
"...I have no intention of getting involved with politics."
"Whether it is your wish or not, destiny will always descend. The lad never wished for the Demon King's destiny either—"
Staring off into the distance, Greyworth murmured softly to herself.

It was already dark by the time Kamito and Rinslet crossed the Kyria Mountain Range and reached the foot of the mountains.
Stars were shining in the night sky while light produced by spirits flickered in the dense forest.
"...Although it's dark, at least we finally arrived."
While shaking off the large amount of snow on his winter clothing, Kamito exhaled white mist.
Thanks to the blizzard subsiding, getting down the mountain was not as tough as when they were climbing it. But due to depleting all excess stamina in the battle against the ice dragon, his body's fatigue was soon reaching a limit.
So those ice dragons were the cause of the blizzard after all, huh?
If that were the case, then why did they suddenly disappear from the mountain range—?
"We will arrive presently at Winter Gulf. Look, watchfires can be seen outside the forest."
Sitting on Fenrir's back, Rinslet pointed to the other end of the coniferous forest.
Under the night sky, numerous watchfires could be seen illuminating the castle's walls of stone.
Rather than a grand castle symbolizing authority and prestige, the castle was built in a simple and sturdy style that emphasized practicality.
After walking a while in the forest, Kamito and Rinslet arrived at a stone-paved road.
This was the road system that was spread throughout the entire Ordesia Empire's territory. The stone-paved surface was slippery when frozen but after the residents' snow shoveling, it was much better than the snow-covered paths in the forest.
"I'll have the people in the castle make preparations to welcome us."
Rinslet patted Fenrir on the back.
Standing in one spot, the demon ice spirit howled lengthily towards the night sky.
...After a while, the watchfires on the castle walls flickered greatly.
"Looks like they noticed us."
After walking along the road for a while, they were finally able to see Winter Gulf Castle's gates.
Standing respectfully at the castle gates, dozens of guards welcomed the Margrave's daughter.
"As expected of the Laurenfrost family's precious daughter."
"...Can't stand it, that girl always loves to make such a big deal out of things."
Rinslet seemed to be grumbling in embarrassment.
Once the two of them neared the castle gates, a petite girl hurried over, dressed from head to toe in furry winter gear.
"...Onee-sama! It's really Onee-sama!"
Possessing the same eyes of emerald as Rinslet's, a young girl with platinum blonde hair glittering under the light reflected off the snow—The Laurenfrost family's third daughter, Mireille Laurenfrost jumped into her sister's bosom with running momentum.
"E-Enough! Know some restraint, Mireille."
Despite putting on airs as a strict elder sister, Rinslet still stroked her sister's head gently with her hand.
Withdrawing her head from being buried in Rinslet's bosom, Mireille asked:
"But I was really startled, Onee-sama. You suddenly returned without informing us. There was no letter saying you wanted to come home... By the way, how did you cross that Kyria Mountain Range?"
She blinked her round eyes.
"We forced our way through... It was really tough. Without Kamito-san, perhaps I would have become an ice sculpture by now—"
"...Kamito-san?"
Tilting her head, Mireille turned to a different direction.
Seeing that, Kamito raised the hood of his winter coat.
"Yo—"
"...O-Onii-sama!?"
Staring wide eyed, Mireille looked back and forth between Kamito and Rinslet's faces.
"N-No way... Onee-sama, did you come home to report your marriage with Onii-sama...?"
"N-No, of course not!"
Rinslet frantically denied.
"Oh dear, Onee-sama, you're going red in the face."
Mireille peeked at her sister's face hidden under the hood.
Then at this moment, she was grabbed by the neck and dragged away from behind.
"Mireille, stop teasing milady."
Speaking in a monotonous voice was a cute girl dressed as a maid.
She had slightly wavy dark-brown hair and heterochromic eyes. Her complexion was as white as snow while her face was as exquisite as a doll's.
"Milla, how are you?"
Kamito greeted casually but Milla Bassett instantly went red in the face and avoided eye contact.
"...Kamito, why are you here?"
"Oh, that's because I need to do something in Laurenfrost. Rinslet is my guide."
"...I see, your purpose is not accompanying Rinslet-sama back home to get married."
Milla exhaled deeply as though greatly relieved.
"O-Of course! How could even you misunderstand as well, Milla!?"
Rinslet coughed lightly and placed her hand at her waist.
"In any case, Kamito-san is already very tired from the long journey. Prepare some hot food. And a bath too—"
"Yes, all prepared already."
"Wow, not bad at all, different from Carol..."
Kamito could not help but exclaim, impressed at Milla's instant reply.
After taking off his snow-covered clothing, Kamito was taken to the castle hall.
Designed as fortress, Winter Gulf Castle was equally modest in furnishings as its exterior appearance. The stone walls were virtually devoid of fancy decoration while the only exception was the chandeliers ornamented with a large number of spirit crystals to produce an atmosphere of grandeur.
"Did you grow up here, Rinslet and Mireille?"
"No, there's a house we live in at the castle town."
Mireille shook her head to answer Kamito's question.
"After all, this Winter Gulf Castle is a stronghold used for military purposes."
Saying that, Rinslet activated a large spirit crystal that was installed at the fireplace.
Glowing red, the spirit crystal warmed up the air in the hall within the blink of an eye.
Then she sat down at a large eight-person table in the center of the hall. Mireille and Milla took their seats on her left and right while Kamito sat opposite to her as the guest. Ordinary maids would not eat on the same table as nobles but Milla was apparently an exception.
"It's such a shame that Father and Mother are away when you've made a rare return home, Onee-sama."
"It can't be helped that I just missed them."
Their parents, Margrave and Lady Laurenfrost had apparently gone to the imperial capital to attend the All Nations Conference. Since they had taken the long route around the Kyria Mountain Range, they had set off several days prior.
"But it's a rare chance to introduce Onii-sama—"
"Enough, Mireille!"
Rinslet frantically covered up Mireille's mouth.
Kamito forced a laugh then asked:
"...Uh, since Margrave and Lady Laurenfrost are away, does that mean that you're the temporary master of the castle, Mireille?"
"Yes. I have been managing this castle seriously."
Hmph hmph, Mireille childishly puffed out her chest in pride.
"...Say, are you really okay on your own?"
Becoming the temporary master of the castle at the young age of nine was very impressive, but it was still a bit worrying.
"Don't worry. Because there are excellent knights at Laurenfrost."
Milla spoke expressionlessly.
"This Winter Gulf Castle has seven spirit knights stationed. They are elite spirit knights, rigorously selected and can handle simple government affairs for the most part."
"...I see. As expected of a castle belonging to high nobility."
There were actually very few castles that had as many as seven spirit knights. Many regional castle lords did not even have a single knight serving them exclusively.
"I don't leave everything to the knights. I've been stamping paperwork properly too."
Mireille pouted unhappily.
Just at this moment...
"—Sorry for the delay, milady."
The door to the hall opened as maids pushed in carts laden with food.
Dressed in adorable uniforms, the maids deftly moved the steaming-hot luxurious offerings to the table.
Lamb pie that was baked crispy. Winter melon soup that was flavored with plenty of spices. There was also salted cod, boiled quail eggs and a bean dish served in a hollowed out pumpkin. Served on a large plate was the main dish, a deer roast, honey-roasted to perfection.
"Wow...!"
The aromas drifting in the hall were making Kamito's stomach rumble.
Just as he swallowed his saliva—
"...A thousand apologies. We could only prepare a simple dinner at short notice."
A maid was bowing her head, seemingly in shame.
"No no... Was all this made just now?"
"Indeed. Had we known milady's return ahead of time, we could have specially prepared a feast..."
The maid murmured with chagrin while the other girls nodded one after another in agreement.
(...Th-They're way too competent!)
...Kamito was speechless.
Speaking of Laurenfrost maids, perhaps his perceptions of them being selected on basis of cuteness only were colored by his first impressions of the useless maid Carol.
"Kamito, the one who made that baked pie is me."
Milla pointed out calmly.
"Oh, then I've gotta try this—"
Slicing up the pie, Kamito brought a morsel to his mouth.
(...W-What is this!? It's too delicious!)
After a single bite, Kamito widened his eyes.
As soon as he bit the pie's crust, the juicy filling flowed out.
"...How is it?"
"...!"
Kamito silently made a thumbs up. Despite the simplicity of the dish, it was a modest and sincere flavor.
"You're quite good at cooking, Milla."
"...No. I am simply following the directions of my seniors."
Milla spoke expressionlessly then blushed and bowed her head.
"—Kamito, let me try too."
"E-Est!?"
Without him noticing, the sword spirit had materialized next to Kamito already.
Opening her dainty mouth, she stared straight at Kamito just like a young bird waiting to be fed.
"...I surrender, Est."
Chuckling wryly a few times, Kamito delivered a sliced piece of pie into Est's mouth.
"...Mmm, so tasty, Kamito."
"Onii-sama, that's unfair if you just do it for Miss Spirit!"
Mireille leaned over the table and opened her mouth with an "ah~"
"M-Mireille!?"
"That is too unseemly, Mireille!"
Rinslet grabbed the hem of Mireille's clothing.
"Oh my, then how about you feed Onee-sama a bite too?"
"...Th-That... That kind of thing, no way..."
Hearing that, Rinslet's face went red as she held her face in her hands.
"—No, Kamito is my Onii-chan."
As though competing with Mireille, Est clutched Kamito's uniform tightly.
After enjoying the hot dinner prepared by the maids of the Laurenfrost household...
"—Natalia, report the situation."
While sipping black tea after the meal, Rinslet inquired of the head maid.
The head maid was an older girl with shoulder-length hair. She was also apparently responsible for the cooking earlier.
"Have you gathered the reason for the blizzard at the Kyria Mountain Range?"
"—Yes, the persistent snowfall over the past few days was undoubtedly the work of ice dragons roaming the mountain range."
The head maid answered calmly.
"Just as expected, I see..."
"The problem is why would the extinct ice dragons appear."
The head maid nodded slightly at what Rinslet pointed out.
"This is merely my personal speculation but—"
"Not a problem. Please speak your mind."
"Perhaps it has something to do with the Forest Dwellers inhabiting the Forest of Ice Blossoms."
"...What is that about?"
Rinslet frowned.
"Ice dragons are the minions of the spirit Zirnitra. And the Forest Dwellers revere Zirnitra as the guardian of the Forest of Ice Blossoms, worshiping since olden times—"
"In other words, the Forest Dwellers are summoning ice dragons in some manner and controlling them?"
"That possibility cannot be ruled out."
Hearing Rinslet's suggestion, the head maid nodded in agreement.
"—Excuse me, what are Forest Dwellers?"
Kamito interrupted at this point.
"It's a name for the Elfim race who lives in the deepest part of the Forest of Ice Blossoms."
"...The Elfim huh."
A highly mysterious race who had come from Astral Zero in antiquity.
Excellent ability to commune with spirits, preferring to spend their days quietly in the forest, but on the flip side, they extremely rejected and resented contact with humans.
—This was what Kamito had heard from Lily Flame back during his Instructional School days.
"Supposing that's the case, why can't you ask them directly?"
"Yes. We have sent messengers many times to attempt contact, but a powerful barrier of fog was deployed in the depths of the forest, even making it impossible to reach their settlement."
"...An Elfim barrier huh. Now that's tricky stuff."
"Yes, and we can't recklessly destroy the Barrier—"
Not confined to Ordesia territory, the Elfim race had also settled and established secure communities in various nations on the continent. Suppose the Laurenfrost ruler invaded the Elfim settlement here, it would probably make the entire Elfim race enemies of the Empire given their strong sense of racial solidarity—
Suddenly, a thought came to Kamito.
"...Those Forest Dwellers, what are the chances that Restia's come into contact with them?"
"...I remember that the Elfim basically revere spirits. We can't rule out the possibility that Miss Darkness Spirit accidentally entered the barrier..."
Rinslet nodded, resting her chin on her hand.
Kamito turned to the head maid.
"...Do you have any reports about a girl in a black one-piece dress seen in the forest?"
Natalia made an expression of disbelief in response to Kamito's question.
"No, the branches in the Forest of Ice Blossoms are as sharp as knives. Consequently, well, I believe that it is quite difficult to make one's way through the forest in attire like a dress—"
"...I see."
...In the end, this Winter Gulf Castle had not obtained any information on her.
Not to mean he doubted Iseria Seaward's information, but Kamito still had trouble hiding his disappointment.
"But speaking of which—"
"...You have some kind of lead?"
Kamito leaned forward.
"Not exactly, but a messenger sent to the forest returned with concerning news—"
"...What?"
"Reportedly, a human princess maiden has appeared in the Forest Dwellers settlement."
"...A human princess maiden?"
Kamito repeated.
"Indeed. The Forest Dwellers apparently call the girl 'Queen of Ice Blossoms'."

After dinner, Kamito decided to head over to his assigned room to wait for dawn.
Trying to search for Restia in the forest at night was virtually impossible. And since there was a barrier deployed, it was also necessary to prepare for negotiations with Forest Dwellers.
Rinslet promised to borrow eight trained hunting hounds. Although Kamito had no idea whether hunting hounds were able to track down Restia who was a spirit, but they should come in handy when frequenting a dangerous forest.
Speaking of which—
(..."Queen of Ice Blossoms" huh.)
Walking on the path to his room, Kamito muttered to himself.
This really was quite concerning news.
According to the head maid, messengers sent to the forest had met an Elfim princess maiden who had inquired. The girl had apparently gotten the wrong idea that the messenger was there to take back the human princess maiden—the Queen of Ice Blossoms.
In the end, the messenger apparently ended up as a target for arrows and had to flee for his dear life.
(...Can't be Restia—Right?)
Indeed, Restia's appearance was no different from a human girl's.
The jet-black wings could also disappear in accordance with her will.
—At this moment, Kamito reached the door to a room. There was a wolf emblem on the door.
"It's here, right...?"
After pushing the door open...
"..."
...Time stopped.
Milla Bassett was on the bed, hugging Kamito's pillow.
"Uh... Milla, what are you doing?"
"Bed-making."
"No, but..."
"Bed-making."
"...I-I see."
"Yes..."
Milla nodded expressionlessly then nonchalantly started putting the sheets in order.
"Are you getting used to life here?"
"Mireille-sama treats others very well. Natalia-sama is also teaching me the work."
"...That's the head maid just now, right? She seems very excellent at her job."
"Of course. Natalia-sama belongs to the Wolf Ritters of Laurenfrost."
"...Huh?"
Kamito was taken aback.
"...What do you mean?"
"Exactly what the words say. The head maid is the captain of the knights at this castle."
"...You must be kidding, right?"
"Absolutely serious."
Milla replied with a serious expression.
"W-Why is a spirit knight serving as a maid?"
"Knights should take the lead to serve as role models for the people. This is one of the Laurenfrost family traditions."
"Well yeah, I guess. Rinslet is even more pro than a real maid."
Should one say, like master, like knight?
"I will also become a splendid maid, then cultivate Mireille-sama into a full-fledged noble."
After making the bed, Milla looked into Kamito's face and said:
"Not a tool for the military—That is my new way of life that you taught me."
She blushed in her cheeks while clenching her fist tightly.
"...Ahhh."
...She's changed, Kamito thought.
Formerly the possessor of a Demon Sealing Eye, she was used as a tool of war in the past. But currently, she had found something she wanted to do on her own volition.
...It was quite an amazing thing.
"But I think it's a bit of a challenge to cultivate Mireille into an full-fledged noble."
Hearing that, Milla calmly shook her head.
"Mireille-sama will surely turn out as a splendid noble, because she is a very serious child at heart."
"...Oh okay, that's true too."
Kamito smiled wryly and turned his gaze outside the room.
Kamito had noticed their presence quite early on.
"...C-Cough."
"...Mireille?"
Milla exclaimed in surprise.
"I-I just happened to pass by, so I didn't hear anything!"
Mireille was panicking, a rare sight indeed, looking away in embarrassment.
"The bath is ready, Onii-sama."
"Okay, thanks."
"Kamito—"
Just as Kamito was about to leave the room, Milla spoke towards his back.
"Come—Kamito..."
"...Huh?"
"I will scrub your back for you. Because it is a maid's job."
Blushing red to her ears, Milla murmured expressionlessly.
"N-No thanks!"
Kamito shook his head and frantically left the room.
..Splash. The sound of water was heard in the quiet night.
Long platinum blonde hair clung to tender skin.
Hugging her shivering body, Rinslet sighed.
Before heading off to a certain place next, she was cleansing her body as a precaution.
The bath at the Laurenfrost home was not a natural hot spring but heated using fire spirit crystals. Four years ago, this place was completely frozen all year round due to the Calamity Queen's rebellion, but now, there was no problem with using it.
"...Mmm... Ah...♪"
Finding it difficult to control her body that felt like it was burning, Rinslet made a sound of annoyance.
"I-I seem a little strange...!"
Rubbing her thigh, she exhaled scorching breath.
She felt that the symptoms had started during the kiss with Kamito in the snow mountain, undertaken with intimate skin contact.
The sweet pain she experienced from that time continued to linger in her body without stopping.
And now, during a purification rite, it had turned into a raging torrent and was rushing out all at once.
(...I-It's almost as though Kamito-san is inside here...!)
Like shocked by electricity.
Every time she touched a sensitive spot on her skin, she felt a numbing feeling in her brain.
(...Ooh... W-What should I do!?)
Rinslet twisted her body, pouring bathwater over her head repeatedly.
...But her scorching body still did not cool down.
(...I-In such a state, how could I face that girl...)
—Just at this moment.
The sound of voices came outside the bath.
"...!?"
"...Wow!"
Taken to the bath by Mireille, Kamito could not help but exclaim.
Before his eyes was a massive open-air bath built from marble. Hot water was running nonstop from a wolf sculpture carved on a pillar. Steam hung in the air over the entire bath.
Although it was not a natural hot spring, this was a grand bath that rivaled the Academy's purification site.
"Are you really sure I can have this place all to myself?"
"Yes, no one uses it at this time. Feel free to swim in the bath."
"...No, I'm already past the age of swimming in baths."
"Oh my, but even nowadays, Onee-sama still practices swimming in the bath."
"Speaking of which, Rinslet can't swim..."
Kamito recalled teaching her to swim at Ragna Ys.
...That was perhaps the only weakness of this perfect well-bred lady who was able to do anything.
"Then please enjoy the Laurenfrost bath thoroughly, Onii-sama."
Smiling mischievously, Mireille returned to the corridor.
"Oh, thanks for showing me the way."
Kamito swiftly undressed, went to the purification area to cleanse his body, then soaked himself in the tub.
The water temperature was not too high and controlled just right. His cold skin quickly warmed up.
(...Phew.)
Soaked in the tub, Kamito breathed out in relief.
Looking up at the night sky where cold winds howled, he began to reminisce about her.
(...Seriously, will we meet again? Restia—)
Water Elemental Lord Iseria Seaward had brought a sliver of faint hope.
But no matter how faint, he had no choice but to gamble on it now.
Iseria's observation might have simply been mistaken. Besides, Restia should have no connection to the Laurenfrost region. Even if Restia was still alive, what reason was there for her to appear in this kind of forest on the border—
(...But if that's the case—)
Kamito murmured in his heart.
(—It wouldn't explain why the Holy Kingdom's knights are infiltrating this forest.)
The Sacred Spirit Knights had invaded this forest on the border even willingly bearing the risk of trespassing the Empire's boundary. Surely there must be some goal there.
Their presence served as counterfactual evidence that Restia might be here.
(Luminaris Saint Leisched—The sacred sword user huh.)
Kamito closed his eyes and recalled the opponent from three years ago.
A knight with brilliant and striking blonde hair and clear ice-blue eyes.
She had exhibited overwhelming power at the tournament three years ago.
Right now, she would be even more powerful. On the same level as Dracunia's Leonora Lancaster, possibly superior.
—Gurgle.
Suddenly, he heard the sound of water.
(...Hmm?)
Kamito frowned and turned towards the source.
He could see the water surface bubbling behind a thick pillar of stone.
"...What?"
Finding it strange, Kamito approached. The area near the pillar was in the shade so he could not see clearly.
The bubbling at the water surface intensified.
Feeling puzzled, Kamito reached towards the bubbling water.
...Boing. Suddenly, his fingers touched something soft.
"...?"
Boing.
Boing. Boing. Boing.
(...Wait a sec, this feeling, no way...!)
Just as Kamito realized in surprise...
Splash, something emerged from under the water.
"S-Stop... Stop it right now!"
"...!?"
A blizzard instantly swept through the bath.
...After the blizzard stopped.
"...~Tsk, s-so off-putting, Kamito-san is really such a pervert!"
Immersed in the water, Rinslet pouted and protested against Kamito.
"S-Sorry, I didn't do it on purpose... Say, why are you here?"
"Th-Those are my words to you!"
Rinslet glared viciously at him. She was apparently cleansing herself earlier but panicked and hid in the bath after hearing Kamito's voice suddenly outside.
"This purification facility is exclusively mine!"
"An exclusive purification facility? So this entire bathroom is for your personal use?"
"This is very normal for princess maidens from high nobility. Before their family's fall, the purification facility at Claire's home was even more impressive than this."
"...I see. But Mireille told me it's a public bath..."
Only then did Kamito realize.
...Speaking of which, she did smile mischievously before leaving.
"...~Tsk, seriously, it's that child's mischief again."
"Totally fell into her trap."
Kamito shrugged and sighed.
"...Uh, sorry. I'll go out first."
Just as Kamito was prepared to leave the bath...
"—H-Hold on first."
"...Huh?"
She firmly grabbed the towel wrapped around his waist.
"...Rinslet?"
"A little later, I hope you could accompany me to a certain place—"
The Water Elemental Shrine, the largest shrine in Laurenfrost territory, was located in a forest some distance from Winter Gulf Castle.
Unlike usual shrines built from stone, this Water Elemental Shrine's outer walls were sculpted from ancient magic ice.
This type of magic ice did not melt and was much sturdier than ordinary stone.
However, no rituals had been held at this shrine ever since the incident when Judia Laurenfrost was imprisoned in ice.
Kamito had heard that a strict barrier was deployed there, forbidding everyone except the Laurenfrost family from entering.
"...The last time I visited was when I was certain we could enter the Blade Dance."
Rinslet touched the shrine's door to release the barrier.
"Here was where I vowed to save her. Okay, you can now enter."
The barrier did not activate when Kamito stepped inside.
Rinslet used lighting magic for illumination and walked into the depths of the shrine.
It was all quiet inside.
Cold air, chilling to the bone, was making Kamito shiver nonstop.
"She's been locked in such a lonely place all this time...?"
"Yes. It's the fourth year now."
Rinslet held a small spirit crystal in her hand.
The transparent crystal showed the image of a lovely young girl in a dress.
Emerald eyes and dazzling platinum blonde hair. Judia Laurenfrost was her sister's very image.
Inside the dark interior of the shrine, Kamito and Rinslet continued to advance.
The deeper they went, the stronger the cold.
After walking a certain distance—Rinslet finally stopped.
"...Judia, let me introduce Kamito-san to you."
She directed the magic lighting towards the darkness.
However—
"...Huh?"
Rinslet widened her eyes, exclaiming in surprise.
"...What, what is this?"
Even Kamito could not help but gasp.
At the spot where Rinslet's sister was supposed to be sealed—
Nothing was left except for shattered ice all over the floor.
Restia was taken to a certain stone-built shrine some distance from the settlement.
A large group of princess maidens had already gathered in front of the shrine and were in the process of offering prayers.
"Is this temple the shrine of your people?"
"Yes. This place is a historic site that existed before the Empire of the humans was founded."
Rana knelt down before the temple and started to pray like the other princess maidens.
(...The Queen of Ice Blossoms is inside this temple?)
Staring inside the temple, Restia began to feel nervous.
The girl with mysterious powers, capable of controlling ice dragons freely. Also, for reasons unknown she had used the Forest Dwellers to bring Restia here.
(An existence like humans yet unlike humans at the same time...)
The Elfim princess maidens were all focused on chanting their prayers.
(...What will happen after she wakes up?)
...There was an inexplicably foreboding sense.
If the situation allowed, she wanted to escape immediately, but that was most likely impossible. The difficulty of escaping from the magically talented Elfim would be no small feat at all.
"Excuse me..."
"—Silence. The Queen of Ice Blossoms is appearing."
Rana's crimson eyes stared straight into the pitch-black darkness occupying the inside of the temple.
Suddenly, faint ringing sounds of a bell came from the temple's interior.
Emerging from the darkness was a young girl in ritual attire.
"...!"
Restia could not help but gasp.
The girl was roughly twelve or thirteen in age with a noble appearance and very pretty.
Her eyes were clear and emerald in color. A head of shining platinum blonde hair.
(A beautiful girl...)
"Oh exalted Queen!" "The Queen of Ice Blossoms has awakened...!"
The princess maidens looked up and gazed with mesmerized expressions at the girl.
Her slender legs moved slowly as she walked down the temple's stone steps. However, her emerald eyes only reflected emptiness instead of looking at the princess maidens.
"O exalted Queen, the human's knights have ravaged this forest. Please lend us your assistance—"
Rana looked up and pleaded.
At this time...
—Acknowledged.
The girl's inorganic voice was heard from the depths of the forest.
—Hence, I shall—summon the great guardian hither.
"Ohoh, then—" "Zirnitra will be revived!" "Then we don't need to fear the humans any longer!" "O guardian spirit of ours, destroy all the humans!"
The sincere joy displayed by princess maidens made Restia shudder.
Perhaps the guardian spirit's revival definitely was the Forest Dwellers' long-sought wish.
But this fanaticism felt quite odd.
The blind devotion to this Queen of Ice Blossoms also seemed odd.
Even given the mysterious power of controlling ice dragons, it was still quite difficult to explain why they would worship this human girl whom they have only met for a couple days.
The Queen of Ice Blossoms' hollow gaze was cast in the Kyria Mountain Range's direction.
Instantly, the ground shook violently, causing Restia to lose balance and fall.
"...What?"
"The earthquake is a warning sign of Zirnitra's awakening. See, that peak there—"
Rana spoke with a dazed expression.
Following her gaze, Restia instantly stared wide-eyed.
Near the peak of the towering Kyria Mountain Range, an astounding number of dragons were circling in the air.
The ice dragons were almost blotting out the night sky.
Where had such a great number of ice dragons been lurking—?
Just as Restia was staring in shock, a giant tear suddenly appeared out of thin air.
"...What... is that...?"
"A gate to Cocytus, the frozen hell in Astral Zero. That is the magic sealing away the domination ice spirit Zirnitra and its minions the ice dragons. That seal is now being released—"
The tear in space was gradually expanding. From that tear, a giant claw reached out.
"So that is the forest's guardian spirit, Zirnitra..."
Still kneeling on the ground, Restia was rendered speechless.
For a single claw to be so massive, how large was the entire body—
—And not only that.
"...Eh?"
Hearing a faint sound, Restia could not help but turn her head.
The Queen of Ice Blossoms had cast her empty gaze towards the princess maidens.
—It was seeking more divine power.
Za, zaza, za, zazaza, za—
The girls' mouths made strange noises.
Suddenly, the ground underfoot gradually froze, shrouded by the cold air surrounding the temple.
"...O exalted Queen? What are you doing—!?"
Noticing the sudden change, Rana questioned.
But her lower half was instantly covered by the crawling, black, cursed ice.
"Kyahhhh!" "O exalted Queen... Please stop, exalted Queen...!"
The princess maidens could not escape even if they tried.
One after another, their feet were ensnared by the black, cursed ice, turning them into ice sculptures.
Then the magic ice approached Restia—
"...Noooo...!"
—Just as she was about to be devoured by the cursed ice, a moment before that could happen...
"Found you, darkness spirit!"
A squadron of knights charged into the forest.

"...Wh...y..."
Faced with Judia Laurenfrost's unexpected disappearance—
Rinslet seemed totally lost as though her soul was gone.
"Where... Where has she gone...?"
In front of the shattered cursed ice, she had collapsed to her knees in shock.
"..."
Kamito's gaze fell upon the shattered fragments of cursed ice all over the floor.
The fragments were scattered in a radial shape, implying that the cursed ice was not melted from outside but broken from within instead.
(Judia Laurenfrost broke the magic ice on her own? That's totally ridiculous—?)
Cursed ice that all the elementalists in the nation were unable to melt could not possibly have been destroyed by a human's power.
That left the possibility of the Water Elemental Lord releasing the cursed ice, but Iseria Seaward herself had rejected the notion.
She had said that even herself could not melt the cursed ice until she recovered her full power.
Besides, supposing Judia was released from the cursed ice, then why did she not return to her family at Winter Gulf Castle first?
(...What on earth happened here?)
Just as Kamito was stuck in deep thought—
Crash—The temple was suddenly shaken.
"...An earthquake?"
A deep rumbling sounded from the earth. Columns of ice fell from the ceiling.
Kamito frantically shielded Rinslet who had crouched down.
"Staying here further will be dangerous, let's get out first."
"...Yes... Right."
Rinslet nodded, still half-dazed.
After they hurried out of the temple—
They were met with an unbelievable sight.
"...What... is that!?"
Dozens, no, fully a hundred—
Near the peak of the Kyria Mountain Range, countless ice dragons were circling in the air.
"So many ice dragons, where on earth did they come from..."
Rumble, rumble rumble rumble rumble rumble rumble—!
The ground shook violently.
"The Kyria Mountain Range is shaking...!"
The long, giant mountain range. The snow accumulated on the surface of the mountains were sliding off, causing avalanches.
With a flash of lightning, a giant tear appeared in the air above the Kyria Mountain Range.
"...That thing, is it really a gate to Astral Zero!?"
"Impossible, how could such a massive Gate be possible to open in the human realm!?"
"Something's coming out...!"
The tear in space expanded. Violent blizzards began to blow.
Appearing from the tear were countless ice dragons swirling in the air as well as—
A massive claw. It enlarged the tear further.
"...!"
Frozen in space, Kamito was unable to utter a single word.
It was an immensely huge sculpture formed from blue ice.
Spreading its wings in darkness, the emperor of ice dragons.
There was a tragic sense of beauty about its appearance.
"Domination ice spirit Zirnitra..."
Rinslet held her breath.
Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhh—!
Zirnitra flapped its wings, shaking the atmosphere.
"...Could it be that the Elfim in the forest released the seal!?"
"Why would they do that kind of thing...!?"
"...No idea."
While muttering, Kamito recalled a certain term.
(...Queen of Ice Blossoms. The princess maiden appearing in the forest huh?)
Did the appearance of the guardian spirit have anything to do with that?
At this moment, the spirit seal on his right hand generated slight pain.
'—Kamito, that is likely a being similar to me.'
He heard Est's voice in his head.
"...A super-ancient spirit weapon, is it?"
'Yes, Kamito—'
Spirit weapons—an umbrella term used for spirits that were deployed in battle during the Spirit War that had occurred several thousand years ago.
During the Blade Dance, Kamito had battled Muir Alenstarl's Valaraukar which was also a spirit weapon. But the pressure he could feel from the domination ice spirit far surpassed that of the demon flame spirit.
From atop the peak, the domination ice spirit flapped its wings fiercely, flying into the sky.
Mixed with hail, the wind swept towards the forest, causing many shards of ice to cut open the ground.
"...Tsk, it's going to the center of the forest—"
There was impatience in Kamito's voice. The forest was Restia's possible location.
"...Rinslet, return to the castle first."
Saying that, he gripped the Demon Slayer's hilt.
Seeing that, Rinslet seemed to realize Kamito's intentions.
"...Going alone will be very dangerous."
"I'm not going to fight that spirit. I'll just look for Restia and come back."
"What are you talking about? It's already so dark now, how are you going to look for the darkness spirit—"
"Once I get close, it should be clear."
Kamito shook his head and rested his gaze upon the spirit seal on his right hand.
"As long as she's still alive, there will definitely be a reaction—"
Kamito poured his divine power into the Demon Slayer.
Instantly, the blade gave off dazzling light, illuminating the surroundings.
—Just at that moment.
Multiple dark shadows descended upon them.
"...!"
A group of ice dragons, baring their fangs and claws. Crying out shrilly, they breathed out cold air.
Kamito swiftly drew his sword to block the cold air. However, he was unable to deflect cold air that was released in a wide area. Thus his feet were frozen to the ground. As sharp claws attacked from the side, Kamito instantly pulled the blade back to deflect the claws. Then stabbing the blade into the ground and releasing divine power, he instantly shattered the ice on the ground.
"Freezing fangs of ice, go forth and pierce -- Freezing Arrow!"
As soon as she spoke, the aimed arrow instantly pierced an ice dragon's head with perfect timing.
"Kamito-san, I'll cover you!"
"Thanks—"
Switching the Demon Slayer to a reverse grip, Kamito instantly chopped down two ice dragons that had landed behind him. At this moment, Rinslet's next wave of projectiles rained down, turning the ice dragons' giant bodies into ice sculptures.
Although he had a tough battle on the snow mountain last time, mere ice dragons were no match for Kamito to begin with. Landing one after another, the ice dragons fell to Kamito and Rinslet's combination attacks.
—That being said, the enemy numbers were quite problematic.
(We'll just have to force our way through.)
"Dance, a storm of ice summoning destruction—Diamond Dust!"
Suddenly, an awe-inspiring voice sounded in the forest.
Dazzling light appeared in the air before their eyes. Just as Kamito was thinking it was about to explode, a powerful blizzard started blowing with Kamito and Rinslet's location as the eye of the storm.
"...!?"
As many as dozens of ice dragons were trapped in ice within the blink of an eye, turning into immobile ice sculptures. This was high-level spirit magic as well as being combination magic requiring multiple casters of top caliber.
"Rinslet?"
"No, it was not me."
As Kamito turned to look at her, Rinslet shook her head.
"This spirit magic must be—"
"—Princess!"
Accompanied by the sonorous sounds of horses' hooves, a shout came from the darkness.
Out emerged several knights riding dappled gray horses.
The leading knight raised a torch, illuminating her face.
"You're..."
Kamito opened his eyes wide.
A girl clad in silver-white light armor. Upon closer examination, it was the head maid who had presented the food for dinner at Winter Gulf Castle.
(...So she's really a spirit knight.)
The knights swiftly dismounted and knelt down before Rinslet.
"Princess, are you unharmed?"
"Natalia, why are you here?"
"Mireille-sama said you had come here, Princess... Any injuries?"
"I am fine."
"Princess, please return to Winter Gulf Castle immediately. The castle is under attack from ice dragons."
"...What did you say!?"
Surprised, Rinslet looked in the castle's direction.
A swarm of shadows was converging towards the castle walls lit by the numerous watchfires.
"Why would this...!?"
"Thanks to the isolation barrier, they can still barely manage to endure, but Mireille-sama is not capable of commanding the Wolf Ritters—"
"...Hmm, then I shall return immediately."
Rinslet nodded and looked at Kamito.
"Uh, Kamito-san—"
"I..."
Whether he should head to the forest to look for Restia or return with Rinslet to Winter Gulf Castle for defense—
Just as Kamito was hesitating between the two choices...
"Kamito-sama, I have a request for you."
Natalia spoke up.
"...A request?"
Kamito repeated the words. Natalia nodded and said:
"Yes, elites of the Wolf Ritters have headed out to attack Zirnitra. It is my hope that you could converge with them, Kamito-sama, and join the attack party."
"You can't be thinking of fighting that thing, are you?"
"Zirnitra is the culprit summoning the ice dragons. Unless we drive it back to Astral Zero, the castle will fall eventually. The lands of Laurenfrost would surely be ravaged as well."
Natalia spoke with an expression of determination.
"However, our current forces are insufficient for defeating a spirit of that level. Also, we have no choice but to divide our numbers for the sake of the castle's defense... We have a very good idea of your power, Kamito-sama, for you have fought alongside our princess in the Blade Dance. Please lend us your assistance."
"Kamito-san, I am begging you too."
Rinslet faced Kamito.
"You are the only one who can oppose that spirit, Kamito-san."
"...I understand."
Kamito nodded lightly.
"I am not good at joining forces with others, but I'll try my best. Rinslet, you can focus on protecting the castle."
"Very well, leave it to me."
Kamito turned his gaze to the domination ice spirit flying towards the center of the forest.
(...If it's defeated, Restia should be safer to some extent.)
Crack—The ice sealing the ice dragons began to show fissures.
The magical resistance of dragons was nothing to sneeze at. They were probably going to break out of the ice very soon.
"Quick. Hurry before the ice dragons wake up."
"Kamito-san, I am counting on you."
Rinslet gallantly mounted one of the dappled gray horses of the knights.
"—May you be victorious."
"Yeah, don't worry."
Kamito nodded and ran towards the forest with the Demon Slayer in hand.
"—Found you, darkness spirit!"
The voice of Luminaris resounded through the forest.
Her gaze was directed straight towards the girl standing in front of the temple.
Despite a change in attire, the girl before her eyes was undoubtedly that darkness spirit.
In her surroundings, Elfim princess maidens could be seen trapped in blocks of black ice.
(...An internal struggle? Or did the darkness spirit do it?)
While drawing her sacred sword and starting to charge, Luminaris was struck by doubt regarding the incomprehensible situation.
(No, now is not the time to care about such matters—)
The prey she had been chasing after was finally before her eyes.
(—With this, I can redeem my subordinates' honor.)
Kicking the ground to take a leap, she closed in on the darkness spirit all at once. In that very instant...
(...!?)
A chill down her spine forced her to halt.
Correction—She was halted.
The source of that presence—A girl standing before the temple.
Her platinum blonde hair was illuminated by the bonfire.
Empty eyes of emerald were staring at Luminaris as though observing her.
"...What business do you have?"
Shocked by the bizarre atmosphere exuded by the girl, Luminaris put on a stance with her sword.
(...A human princess maiden?)
The Elfim race was proud and xenophobic. It was hard to imagine them accepting a human girl as a princess maiden.
Za, zaza, zazazaza, za, zazaza—
Strange noises leaked out of the girl's mouth.
"...!?"
Instinctively, Luminaris jumped backwards.
Black cursed ice instantly spread, freezing the surrounding ground.
(...Spirit magic? No, this is—!)
Failing to dodge, her left foot was frozen, immobilizing her position.
"...!?"
Instantly, her entire body was struck by a powerful sense of fatigue.
(...No way, it is absorbing... my divine power...!)
Luminaris could not help but tremble. This cursed ice apparently had the ability to steal divine power.
Then that meant the princess maidens trapped in ice were also having their divine power stolen?
The black cursed ice attacked Luminaris whose foot was caught—
"—Luminaris-sama!"
At the very last moment, one of her subordinate knights blocked in front of her.
Stabbing her sword elemental waffe into the ground, she used her entire body to block the cursed ice.
"...Aisha!?"
"...Please hurry and escape...!"
Along with her elemental waffe, the knight was instantly imprisoned in cursed ice.
"...Damn it!"
Using the sacred sword to shatter the cursed ice, Luminaris made a thrust at the girl.
"Ohhhhhhhhhhhh!"
Swish—!
Readying her sword while in the process of running, Luminaris swung Murgleis sideways without the slightest hesitation.
But there was no feeling of striking anything. The girl vanished from sight like a mirage.
"...!"
"Luminaris-sama, the darkness spirit!"
She heard her subordinates call out from behind.
Swiftly turning her gaze, she found the darkness spirit running towards the depths of the forest.
"Don't let her escape, chase her!"
But before her orders could reach them—
"Uwaaaaah!" "W-What is this!?" "Kyahhhh!"
Suddenly, a powerful blizzard blew in the forest.
The view was instantly blocked. She could hear her subordinates screaming on the other side of the blizzard.
A group of ice dragons was flying above the forest.
Flying freely in the blizzard, they attacked.
"Luminaris-sama... Uwahhhhhh!"
"...Regroup! Don't lose sight of the darkness spirit!"
While chopping down the attacking ice dragons, Luminaris hollered.
But her voice was drowned out by the blizzard's rumbling winds.
"Damn it, I cannot believe this would happen, by this point..."
Luminaris's voice trembled.
(...I will not let you escape!)
Luminaris raised her drawn sacred sword overhead.
Her beautiful blonde hair stood up amidst the howling gales.
"Ancient guardian of the Holy Kingdom—Thou art Murgleis, the sacred sword defending the country!"
She spoke the words of releasing.
Pouring in divine power beyond the limit, this was a waffe release with the intention of causing the elemental waffe to go out of control. Giving off powerful light, Murgleis instantly exploded.
Accompanied by a blinding flash of light, sacred flames melted the randomly flying pieces of ice, instantly clearing up the field of view—!
The burning sacred flames instantly incinerated the surrounding trees. Circling above, the ice dragons also fell one after another with painful roars.
"Huff, huff, huff..."
The sacred sword lost its light. Stabbing it into the ground, Luminaris observed the surroundings. There were no signs of that princess maiden. Luminaris decided she must settle the score with that girl assuming she was still in the area.
Her subordinates, the Sacred Spirit Knights, were safe and sound because Murgleis's sacred flames would absolutely not burn anyone protected by spirits with the holy attribute.
Also—
(—The darkness spirit?)
The sacred flames of Murgleis were supposed to cause astounding pain for darkness spirits. Even if she evaded burns from the sacred flames, the secondary effect of sacred light should be enough to stop her from moving.
But Luminaris's hopes were soon dashed.
"Luminaris-sama, look over there—!"
Hearing her subordinate's voice, she shifted her gaze to see the figure of the darkness spirit running through the forest.
"...What!?"
Luminaris could not help but exclaim.
(—To think the sacred light of Murgleis had no effect on a minion of darkness?)
—At this kind of distance, it was supposed to cause critical injuries to the darkness spirit.
Luminaris gripped the sacred sword's hilt tightly.
"—Chase her down. Everyone still able to move, follow me. The rest should focus on healing your wounds."
Saying that, she chased after the darkness spirit that was disappearing into the forest.
The darkness spirit ran through the forest with stumbling steps.
Compared to during the Blade Dance, she seemed much weaker than before.
(...Is she really that darkness spirit?)
At the very least, that darkness spirit was a high-level spirit capable of fighting Luminaris on equal terms.
She was able to use powerful spirit magic of the darkness attribute. During the Blade Dance, she had paired up with Nepenthes Lore to defeat numerous teams.
(But her current self? No different from a weak prey—)
—Suddenly.
"...!?"
Feeling a strong presence, Luminaris stopped.
On the ground was a giant shadow from something covering the night sky.
Looking up—
She saw a super large ice dragon, formed from blue ice, flying the air, looking down at the world below.
"...A spirit...is it!?"
Luminaris murmured in surprise. The knights under her command all stood rooted to the spot, speechless.
An elementalist of her level would be able to deduce a spirit's level by presence alone.
That thing was undoubtedly a spirit of the highest rank, archdemon class.
A monster that required the decisive deployment of a major power's knights in order to vanquish.
ROAR, ROOOOOOOOOOOOAAAAAAAAAAAAAR—!
The super large spirit's roars caused the forest's trees to shake intensely.
As though responding to its sound, the ice dragons circling nearby all roared, summoning fierce blizzards.
"Is that something like the king of ice dragons—?"
Just as she was murmuring to herself, acute murderous intent appeared behind her back.
"—Accursed humans!"
An arrow flew past her neck with the sound of slicing wind.
Then immediately, several more arrows were shot from the trees.
"—O Sacred Shield of protection!"
Luminaris instantly chanted spirit magic to deploy a defensive barrier of light.
"Stay out of my way, Elfim. Do you wish to seek death?"
The archer was an Elfim living in the forest. Although he was of no consequence, getting in the way of the darkness spirit's pursuit was annoying.
"Foolish human, Zirnitra will destroy you!"
Readying his bow and arrow, the youth yelled.
As though responding to his voice, which was of course, actually impossible—
The ice dragon king dominating the sky blew towards the forest on the ground.
The powerful cold air, covering a large area, instantly swallowed the Forest Dweller's settlement.
"...Th-The village!" "Zirnitra-sama!?"
Elfim screams were heard one after another.
Zirnitra flapped its wings and slowly descended towards the ground.
The ground shook as a result. The giant tail of ice swept mercilessly through the forest, felling trees.
"Zirnitra-sama, please calm your wrath!" "This forest is your domain—" "Your enemies are the humans, not the forest!"
Tragic screams came one after another.
—However, their pleas were easily drowned out by the sounds of trees breaking.
"...Naturally."
Luminaris murmured with agitation.
"How could the likes of you possibly control a spirit of that level?"
The reason why a large number of strategic-class militarized spirits were sealed and scrapped was because even the military of major powers could not guarantee 100% stability of control.
Suddenly feeling a sense of dissonance, she frowned.
(...These people, are they actually completely ignorant of this?)
No, impossible.
The Elfim was a race far closer to spirits than to humans. It was hard to imagine them summoning an archdemon-class spirit without preparing control methods beforehand.
Then that meant—
(—Powerful mind control, huh.)
Feeling an astounding presence, Luminaris turned around.
The human princess maiden who had disappeared earlier was there.
Behind the girl were Elfim boys and girls following her.
All of them staring lifelessly at Luminaris.
(...All of the Elfim inhabiting this settlement are under mind control?)
However, human elementalists could not possibly cast mind control on the Elfim who had magic resistance to begin with, and on so many people simultaneously.
"...Who are you? Are you the one who summoned that spirit?"
Pointing the sacred sword at her, Luminaris asked.
She was no mere princess maiden.
But she did not seem to be a humanoid high-level spirit like that darkness spirit.
...It was something even more terrifying.
Za, zazaza, za, zazazazaza, za—
Strange noises were coming from the princess maiden's mouth.
Instantly, the children behind her were instantly trapped in black cursed ice.
The girl's hair gave off faint light as the divine power within her expanded all at once.
"Luminaris-sama, this is..."
A knight subordinate gasped.
"—Indeed, a veritable monster."
This was what intuition told Luminaris.
This thing before her eyes was far more dangerous than the archdemon-class spirit in the air above.
The girl reached towards space and made noises as though summoning the giant spirit.
Za, zazaza, za, zazazazaza—la, lalala, la, dolulululu—
Suddenly, the girl's body hovered lightly to approach the spirit.
Her fingers touched the spirit's chest—
(What...!?)
With that, the girl's body was sucked in, buried inside the blue ice.
"...Unbelievable, she merged with the spirit!?"
Witnessing an incredible sight, Luminaris could hardly conceal her surprise.
"The west side's barrier is broken, send troops over immediately!" "Fear not, just strike them down!" "Princess maidens go strengthen the barrier, holy magic users go heal the injured!"
Faced with the fierce onslaught of countless ice dragons, Winter Gulf Castle was trying its best to maintain the defensive line.
As a secure stronghold and border defense center of Ordesia, Winter Gulf Castle could not fall that easily. Nevertheless, if these fierce attacks continued at this rate, the isolation barrier protecting the castle was going to reach its limits sooner or later.
"Calm down. Ice dragons are a type of dragon with excellent flying abilities. Ordinary weapons cannot pierce dragon scales but the wings are not that resilient. Aim for the wings—"
Dressed as a maid, Milla Bassett was patrolling the surroundings of the castle walls, directing the ordinary soldiers manning the catapults. Despite losing the contracted spirit in her Demon Sealing Eye, she used to be an elite knight serving under the Principality of Rossvale's Rupture Division after all. Her tactical command skills were quite superb.
"...Milla, are things okay?"
"Mireille-sama, do not come out here. Hurry and return to the castle—"
"...Yes, yes. But I'm worried about you, Milla..."
Mireille's emerald eyes harbored unease.
She only knew Milla in her maid phase and knew nothing about the Milla Bassett who was born as a military weapon and belonged to the knights serving the Principality of Rossvale.
Milla gently stroked Mireille's head.
"...I am fine. Thank you."
Normally expressionless, she smiled faintly.
At this time, cheering came from the plaza at the foot of the castle walls.
Milla looked back to see Rinslet exiting the castle gates. Natalia of the Wolf Ritters had brought Rinslet back.
"Onee-sama!"
Mireille could not help but smile.
"Ohoh, Princess!" "The princess has returned!" "Thank goodness she is safe and sound..."
"Everyone, my apologies for making you wait."
Having entered the castle from an underground passage, Rinslet gave encouragement to the wounded soldiers while climbing the steps leading to the top of the castle walls.
Natalia hastily followed behind her.
"Princess, the castle walls are very dangerous. You should at least command from the inside—"
"No, I shall command from here. Taking the lead on the battlefield's frontlines is part of my obligations as both an Ordesian noble and an elementalist. Furthermore—"
Standing openly on the castle walls, Rinslet raised her bow elemental waffe.
Firing numerous arrows into the air, she shot down ice dragons that were flying in the sky.
"I enjoy being the center of attention."
With a fearless smile, she nocked her next arrow.
"...Sigh, that is the kind of person who the princess is."
Natalia laughed wryly and shrugged.
"We cannot lose either!" "Wow, the princess is watching!"
Rinslet's heroic figure standing on the castle walls seemed to be rousing the soldiers' morale inside the castle.
Set up on the castle walls, the catapults and ballistae fired in succession upon the ice dragons that were frozen and fallen on the ground.
"...By the way, the numbers are too great."
"Yes. Indeed. Unless the ice dragon king Zirnitra is defeated—"
While using a spear elemental waffe to pierce an ice dragon's wing, Natalia concurred.
Rinslet directed her gaze towards the center of the forest in the distance.
Zirnitra was currently rampaging at the Forest of Ice Blossoms, blowing trees down.
(To think that the guardian spirit of Laurenfrost would be destroying the forest...)
Furthermore—
(Judia...)
She was concerned about her younger sister's sudden disappearance.
(...Where on earth has she gone?)
"...Princess!"
Natalia yelled acutely as an ice dragon penetrated the barrier and collided towards the castle walls.
Their foothold collapsing, a large amount of rubble was falling onto the plaza below. The screams of soldiers were heard.
"...! The barrier has been..."
"Winter Gulf Castle's barrier makes use of the leylines in the Forest of Ice Blossoms. Most likely, Zirnitra's revival has disrupted the leylines in the area, causing the barrier to lose its original power."
Damaging the castle walls, the ice dragon attacked Rinslet.
"Princess—"
At the last moment, Natalia blocked in front, using her spear to defend against this strike.
Instantly, the spear elemental waffe shattered into particles of ice. She had apparently depleted a great amount of divine power through sustained combat against the ice dragons, causing her contracted spirit's power to reach a limit. Natalia's spirit—a small wolf very similar to Fenrir—dissipated into particles of light and disappeared.
"...!"
The ice dragon opened its jaws, preparing to use dragon's breath.
"...Not so fast!"
Rinslet instantly nocked three arrows and fired them simultaneously. Two struck the wings while one hit the interior of the mouth. Losing control, the breath exploded, causing the ice dragon to fall down the castle wall.
"Let the soldiers retreat to the castle. I will hold the ice dragons off from here."
Since the barrier was broken, ordinary soldiers who were not elementalists would have a tough time fighting dragons.
Swiftly issuing orders to Milla Bassett who was in charge of commanding the west side, Rinslet then hurried over to Natalia who had collapsed on the ground.
"Princess... A thousand... apologies..."
"Natalia, you should go back inside the castle walls too."
"But—"
"Don't worry. I shall take care of defense here on my own."
Rinslet stood up and readied five arrows at the same time.
She shot them simultaneously. The freezing arrows struck down multiple ice dragons at the same time.
"Princess, when exactly did you acquire such power..."
Looking up, Natalia was staring wide-eyed.
As Team Scarlet's archer, having obtained victory throughout the harsh trials of the Blade Dance, Rinslet's current power level was enough to rival spirit knights on active duty.
Furthermore, this was the territory passed down generations of the Laurenfrost family, the place best suited to bringing out the full power of the local spirit Fenrir.
—But that was not all.
Currently, her body was also harboring another power that she had never possessed before.
(...What is this feeling—)
Opposite to the divine power flowing in her body, unknown divine power.
Every time she used the power of spirits, that power would gradually strengthen.
It was the power she had felt during the kiss with Kamito in the ice cave at the Kyria Mountain Range.
Her heart kept beating faster while her emotions heightened more and more.
"Go forth and blow, raging storm of ice—Icicle Storm!"
Using high-level spirit magic released through her elemental waffe, she blew away all of the ice dragons swarming towards the castle walls.
"Huff, huff, huff... Finally, I wiped out half of them..."
Rinslet kept panting. Despite striking down the majority of them, the numbers in the air were still increasing. The temporarily frozen ice dragons were also going to break out of the ice eventually.
"This castle cannot... fall yet."
Suddenly, the ice dragons' fierce assault stopped all at once.
"...Huh?"
Rinslet could not help but exclaim.
It was a very bizarre sight.
As many as hundreds of ice dragons—
...were facing the same direction, completely motionless in the air.
"...What... happened...?"
The ice dragons' gazes were directed towards Zirnitra that was flying through the sky.
ROOOOOOOAAAAAAR!
Zirnitra roared towards the sky.
The atmosphere shook as a result. Then the howling blizzard in the Forest of Ice Blossoms was instantly blown away.
In the next instant...
"—Princess, look!"
Natalia pointed at the sky and called out.
The ice dragons in the air surrounding the castle were all flying towards Zirnitra.
"..."
A strange silence arrived.
The soldiers in the castle were all exchanging glances with puzzled expressions on their faces.
"What on earth happened..."
Just as Rinslet was murmuring to herself, a sharp pain suddenly appeared on her left hand.
'—t... Rins... let...!'
"Iseria-sama!?"
'—Listen to me... I have... something, I must, tell you.'
—Meanwhile, a giant demon bird was flying in the air above the Kyria Mountain Range.
"Ellis, I never knew your spirit could carry two people at once..."
"Hmm, it is normally not possible, but right now, I am in excellent shape."
This was Ellis's demon wind spirit Simorgh.
The enlarged Simorgh was flying casually over the Kyria Mountain Range after the blizzard subsided.
Although they were unsure why the blizzard over the mountains had suddenly stopped, the situation at the Laurenfrost forest at the foot of the mountain left them with no attention to spare for the blizzard issue.
"Look, dragons are gathering in the forest."
Hugging the demon bird's wing tightly, Claire pointed below and said.
"That's—"
The bizarre scenery caused Ellis to hold her breath.
Countless dragons were circling in the air above the Forest of Ice Blossoms.
A blizzard was blowing in the air above the forest. A mass of ice could be seen faintly in the center of the blizzard, but it was hard to get a grasp on its full appearance due to the darkness of nighttime.
"...What on earth is happening at that forest?"
"Ellis, lower the altitude. We might be able to see clearly if we get closer."
"I want to do that too, but getting closer will be dangerous. We will be in trouble if we get caught up in a blizzard."
After crossing the mountaintop, the demon wind spirit's flying had shown large-scale instabilities.
"Uwahhhh!"
Almost falling off, Claire grabbed the base part of the wing.
"...We cannot keep flying anymore. Let us land first."
"...No helping it. There is a village over there."
The demon wind spirit cooed and landed at a small village at the foot of the mountain.
While landing, the two girls jumped off from Simorgh's wings.
The village was instantly in a commotion.
"W-What people are you!"
Holding torches, the villagers hurried over.
The flames illuminated the faces of Claire and the others.
"...Eeek, th-this frightening demon bird!"
Seeing Simorgh appearing in the darkness, the villagers screamed and fell on their bottoms.
"How rude. Simorgh's feelings will be hurt."
Ellis said with displeasure.
"Do not mind them, Simorgh. Thank you."
"Yeah, you worked hard."
Ellis gently caressed Simorgh's head and the demon bird cooed, transforming into its elemental waffe form.
"C-Could you two be noble ladies?"
At this moment, an old villager asked in trepidation.
"We are students from Areishia Spirit Academy. What on earth happened to this forest?"
"The Forest Dwellers did it. Those people revived Zirnitra!"
"...Forest dwellers?"
Ellis frowned.
"It's a name for the Elfim who live in the Forest of Ice Blossoms. I heard Rinslet mention it before. Anyway, what's this about Zirnitra? I remember it being the Laurenfrost guardian spirit, sealed in the ancient past, right?"
As an honors student, Claire roughly knew the legends circulating in various lands.
The old man turned his gaze to the center of the forest where the blizzard was howling.
"There is a giant ice dragon at the center of the blizzard. That's Zirnitra. The Forest Dwellers awakened that spirit in an attempt to regain control over these lands."
"But the spirit seems to be destroying the forest..."
Ellis calmly pointed out. Supposing the Elfim had revived the ancient spirit, then why was it destroying the forest they lived in?
"It's gone berserk. There's no way that kind of spirit can be controlled so easily."
Claire murmured.
At this time, a large scream was heard in the village square.
Strong winds toppled the watchfires, turning the surroundings pitch dark.
"—Come, Scarlet!"
Claire snapped her fingers, summoning the fiery hellcat in the air.
The flames lit up the surroundings, showing shadows that had gathered on the square.
Ice dragons with flashing eyes of crimson.
"...Two, three... A total of six huh..."
"A bit troublesome—"
Licking her lips, Claire murmured. The scales of dragons possessed excellent magic resistance. For Claire and Ellis who were contracted to spirits belonging to the traditional five major elements, dragons were challenging enemies.
(And clearly we have to hurry and find Kamito...)
Claire knew Kamito's strength quite well.
Mere ice dragons were no match for Kamito no matter how numerous.
...But that did not mean she would not worry.
(...Seriously, to think he's making me worried, I'll have to teach him a lesson later!)
Claire turned Scarlet into her elemental waffe Flametongue.
"Ellis, I'll take care of them. You haven't fully recovered, right?"
"Hmph, no need to worry."
Standing back to back with Claire, Ellis readied Ray Hawk.
—Just at that moment...
"Wait, that's..."
"...Hmm?"
Just as Ellis was about to release wind blades, Claire stopped her.
An ice dragon had pinned a girl to the ground, trying to feed.
"...Ah, sob... sob sob...!"
She was clearly wearing clothing different from the villagers, a leaf-green garment.
It was the traditional clothing of the Elfim race.
"Why is one of the Elfim appearing in a human village—"
"...Save... me..."
Under the ice dragon's foot, the girl moaned in pain.
The instant she made eye contact with the girl, Claire gasped.
Illuminated by the light of fire, the girl's face seemed familiar.
"No way... Y-You are!?"
(...Damn it, what the heck is going on!?)
Sharp frozen branches sliced open Kamito's clothes while he was running through the forest.
The Forest of Ice Blossoms was too harsh an environment for humans, totally impossible to step into.
The Elfim's barrier had already vanished and no longer interfered with pathfinding. But the closer to Zirnitra, the stronger the blizzard.
Kamito stared at the giant body that was faintly visible on the other side of the blizzard.
(...So that's the guardian spirit of Laurenfrost, huh.)
However, given the way it was destroying the surrounding forest, it did not look like a guardian spirit no matter what.
Instead, it looked like it had a grudge against the forest.
With a flash of light, the forest was instantly dyed white under the night sky.
Someone had apparently started engaging Zirnitra in battle.
Was it the Wolf Ritters who had gone ahead first, or—
(—the sacred sword of Luminaris, right?)
Kamito increased his running speed further.
He used the Demon Slayer to chop away all branches blocking his way.
Finally, a wide open space appeared before him.
Then—
"...!"
Seeing the bizarre scene, Kamito was rendered speechless.
On the ground were the bodies of countless dragons, piled into mountains. A number of giant ice pillars were standing upright on the ground. The Elfim settlement was wrecked beyond recognition.
"Were they wiped out by the spirit they summoned themselves...?"
Kamito poured divine power into Est, instantly lighting the surroundings with powerful light.
In a corner of his view, Kamito discovered a girl collapsed on the ground.
Dressed in ritual attire, a girl with jade-green hair—one of the Elfim.
"Hey, are you alright!?"
Kamito frantically rushed over and picked up the girl in his arms.
...She was still breathing. Placing his hand on her chest, he injected divine power to apply a shock, causing the girl to recover her breath.
"...Who, is it...?"
The girl opened her eyes slightly, panting painfully.
...It looked like her life was not in any danger for now. Kamito secretly breathed a sigh of relief.
"...'re a... human...?"
"Yeah, that's right."
Kamito nodded.
"...Tell me. What happened here exactly?"
Hearing Kamito's question, the princess maiden moved her trembling lips.
"The Queen of Ice Blossoms... summoned, forest's guardian spirit..."
"...Queen... A human princess maiden?"
The girl nodded slightly in response to Kamito's question.
"That queen failed to control the spirit?"
"...No..."
This time, she shook her head weakly.
"She... No, it, from the start, was planning, to use Zirnitra..."
"What do you mean?"
"...It... merged with Zirnitra."
"Merged with a spirit?"
Kamito asked, unsure of the meaning.
Perhaps the girl was talking nonsense due to a hazy consciousness.
—At this moment, the blowing blizzard stopped.
Kamito looked up at the sky in surprise. Then...
"...What, that's...?"
He groaned in his throat.
The flying Zirnitra was catching and eating all of the ice dragons in the surroundings.
Catching the circling ice dragons one after another, Zirnitra ate them without holding back at all.
Every time it ate an ice dragon, the domination ice spirit's giant body would expand further.
Crack, crack—Accompanied by loud noises of rupturing, ice grew out of its back.
Kamito's forehead was breaking out in cold sweat. Indeed, there were spirits that would feed on creatures in the human realm to replenish their divine power, but this thing—
(...isn't absorbing divine power.)
Instead, it was absorbing the ice dragons, assimilating them completely.
Even demon spirits could not do that.
This was no longer a spirit but just a monster.
"...Please... you..."
The girl touched Kamito's face with her fingers.
Her crimson eyes reflected the pain in her heart.
"Please, let Zirnitra rest in peace..."
"...Yeah, I got it."
Even without needing her to beg, that sort of thing was not supposed to exist in this world.
Kamito nodded and moved the girl to a spot shaded by fallen trees.
At this time, he suddenly remembered and asked:
"Can I ask a final question?"
"...?"
"Uh—Did you ever see a girl?"
"...A... girl...?"
"Yeah, wearing a black one-piece dress... A very pretty girl."
The princess maiden widened her eyes suddenly.
"...You saw her?"
She nodded.
"That girl was definitely here. I was responsible for taking care of her."
"...! Then where is she now?"
"...Not... sure..."
The girl lowered her eyes and shook her head.
"...Probably, escaped into the forest."
"I see."
Kamito stood up.
He really wanted to chase after Restia.
But currently—
(...I have to defeat that monster first.)
He glared at the giant spirit that kept merging with a large number of ice dragons.
"...What exactly happened there!?"
Rinslet was riding Fenrir, passing through the forest where trees have fallen left and right.
All the soldiers were left in the castle while she made her way towards the deepest part of the forest.
The ice dragons that had attacked Winter Gulf Castle were now gathered around Zirnitra, offering themselves to be eaten. Having merged with a large number of ice dragons, Zirnitra no longer resembled its original form. Its entire body being eaten away, bulging with pillars of black ice that resembled stakes.
"That's the legendary guardian spirit of Laurenfrost?"
'Wrong. That is no longer something that could be classified as a spirit—It has been replaced.'
Iseria's voice resounded in Rinslet's mind.
"What do you mean?"
'That is a sin that my past self committed—Iseria Seaward's sin.'
Then she told the whole story.
The truth of that day, buried in the memories of the insane Water Elemental Lord.
"O sacred sword that vanquisheth evil, thou shalt turn the enemy into ash—Murgleis!"
Releasing silver-white light, the blade tore through darkness to pierce Zirnitra's head.
—But that was all. Having melded with ice dragons, turning into a strange block of ice, the monster quickly regenerated.
"...Huff, huff... This monster!"
Luminaris was kneeling on the ground, panting. She had vanquished archdemon-class spirits before, but that was achieved while leading knights under her command.
(Also, this thing no longer counts as a spirit...!)
Clang—Clatter clatter!
Peeling off from Zirnitra's body, ice fell on the ground, causing noise and the scattering of dust.
"...!"
Luminaris instantly went pale in the face.
There were reasons why she could not leave this place which was under the falling ice.
Because of her subordinates from the Sacred Spirit Knights, trapped in cursed ice.
...They should still be alive, but taking them all away was impossible. At this rate, they were going to get caught up in Zirnitra's attacks eventually, or die from the cursed ice when completely drained of divine power.
(Before that happens, this monster must be exterminated...!)
But after sustained combat against ice dragons and one instance of waffe release, Luminaris had almost depleted all her divine power. Driving her current self was nothing but stalwart willpower.
No reinforcements. Fighting here, she was the last person remaining. The three Wolf Ritters sent from Winter Gulf were already devoured by the cursed ice after depleting their strength.
(...Oh well, at least it worked in buying some time.)
Staring at the pitch-black sky, Luminaris adjusted her breathing.
At this time, Zirnitra underwent changes in the air.
Unable to support its body weight after excessive expansion, it started to free fall.
Crash!
The landing impact shook the ground.
The wind pressure swept away the trees in its surroundings. The impact created a small crater on the ground.
"...Guh—"
Luminaris hastily released Shield magic to protect her frozen subordinates.
After landing on the ground, Zirnitra had released cold air from its giant body, freezing the surrounding land, causing the trees in the Forest of Ice Blossoms to wilt gradually.
"It has already become a monster that only knows to devour everything huh..."
Standing up unsteadily, she readied Murgleis again.
(But while it has fallen on the ground, there are still chances for victory—)
But soon, she realized that this notion of hers was too naive.
Suddenly, the ground swelled as countless ice blades rose up in the surroundings.
Assimilating the Forest of Ice Blossoms, Zirnitra was turning the very ground itself into blades of ice.
Caught unprepared, Luminaris reacted an instant too slow.
"Guh, ahhhhhh—!"
Pierced all over her body by the sharp blades of cursed ice, she screamed from her throat.
(...Is this... the end...?)
A tear slid down Luminaris's cheek. Ever since she suffered defeat three years ago at the hands of that Strongest Blade Dancer, she had vowed to never shed another tear again.
(...Sor...ry...)
Her final thoughts were with the subordinates who had followed her faithfully all along.
Her fingers had no more strength. The sacred sword fell from her hand to the ground.
The cursed ice invaded up to throat level. Just as Luminaris sighed in despair, at that moment...
"—Don't give up. Your past self never gave up back when you were fighting her."
(...?)
A flash of white light. The cursed ice covering her entire body shattered with a crisp sound.
Thrown into the air, she was caught by a pair of powerful arms.
"—You look like you're struggling, Miss Paladin."
"...You... are...!"
Team Scarlet's male elementalist.
—Kazehaya Kamito.

"...Kazehaya, Kami, to... Why are you here?"
Held in Kamito's arms, Luminaris panted while speaking.
"Right back at you. What are the Holy Kingdom's knights doing in Laurenfrost?"
"...That... is—"
Luminaris bit her lip hard. Kamito shrugged and put her down.
"Well whatever. I'll ask about your purpose later. Let's find a way to take care of that monster first."
Kamito glared at Zirnitra which was gradually assimilating with the Forest of Ice Blossoms.
Perhaps due to absorbing the divine power from the spirits in the forest, the giant body made from cursed ice was giving off a strange light against the darkness of the night.
"—So, what is up with that monster?"
"If you ask me, who can I ask in turn? Spirits do not mutate like that at all—"
After applying Healing magic to herself, Luminaris suppressed a groan and stood up.
"Don't force yourself. You're all covered with wounds already."
"Shut up. Do not underestimate a Holy Kingdom's knight."
Luminaris replied sharply then gripped Murgleis properly again.
Seeing that, Kamito shrugged.
"I've still got lots to talk to you about. Like all the things you did to my friends, but oh well, let's put that aside for now. How about we join forces right now?"
"...What are you scheming?"
Luminaris's eyes of sapphire showed wariness as they glared at Kamito.
"I simply want a helping hand. It'd be tough if I had to handle that monster on my own. Also, I know your abilities very well, absolutely flawless in terms of combat."
"Stop acting familiar, male elementalist."
"But we are familiar. At least we have crossed blades for real before—"
"What did you say?"
Mid-sentence, Kamito realized he had misspoken and hastily stopped himself.
(...Come to think of it, this girl doesn't know my true identity.)
"I do not remember fighting you before. During the final round, the one I engaged in combat was the user of the hellcat spirit."
The suspicions in her eyes, glaring at Kamito, became deeper and deeper.
"W-Well, let's forget about the trivial stuff for now. Judging by the situation, this isn't the time for verbal arguments—"
Zirnitra's giant body squirmed and gave off powerful light.
"...Tsk!"
Simultaneously, the two of them jumped apart.
Instantly, countless ice blades rushed out of the ground, tearing through the darkness.
The two had barely dodged it, but—
"...! Alda!"
Luminaris cried out. The rushing flow of ice blades on the ground was going to attack her subordinates that were trapped in cursed ice.
Luminaris's sword made a slight noise. A torrent of sacred flames covered the ice blades, vaporizing them.
But the ice blades where overwhelming in quantity. Quite a few of them evaded destruction.
"No good—!"
"Absolute Blade Arts, Third Form--Shadowmoon Waltz!"
Instantly with an explosive kick against the ground, Kamito performed the anti-army technique of the Absolute Blade Arts.
Slicing through darkness, the white blade's furious dance shattered the cursed ice blades completely.
"...What!?"
Luminaris was rendered speechless.
She had also reacted to the ice, but she was definitely incapable of performing the same kind of move.
(...That movement just now, what was it?)
After witnessing Kamito's sword skills for the first time in person, Luminaris could not help but find herself at a loss for words.
These were superb sword skills on par with the Ren Ashbell, the Strongest Blade Dancer three years ago.
...She was forced to admit to an overwhelming difference in strength.
Slicing through all the ice blades within the blink of an eye, Kamito stabbed the Demon Slayer into the ground and turned to face Luminaris.
"You too have reasons why you can't retreat from here, right?"
He shrugged and looked at the girls of the Sacred Spirit Knights, imprisoned in cursed ice.
"In that case, now is the time for you to throw that knight's pride or whatever it's called to the dogs."
"But..."
Luminaris bit her lip hard and glared squarely at Kamito.
Then—
"...Just once."
"Hmm?"
"—Just once, I shall ally with you!"
"Yeah. That's good enough."
Kamito nodded and poured divine power into the Demon Slayer.
"Follow me, Luminaris. Let's take care of that thing in one go by overwhelming its regeneration speed."
"Hmph, when I said I was allying with you, I never allowed you to command me—Kazehaya Kamito!"
The two of them kicked the ground at the same time.
"—We're up, Est!" "O Murgleis, grant sacred protection to thy knight!"
The two sacred swords ripped through the darkness.
Zirnitra roared, shooting cursed ice blades from the ground in a radial pattern.
"That move's not gonna work!"
Kamito kicked the ground to speed up and instantly raced past Luminaris to serve as the vanguard.
"Absolute Blade Arts, Third Form—Shadowmoon Waltz!"
A triple flash with god-like speed, slicing the ice blades and blowing them away. Using that momentum, Kamito rushed into the howling blizzard to engage Zirnitra's bloated body in melee combat.
"O sacred sword that vanquisheth evil, thou shalt turn the enemy into ash—!"
Shouting, Luminaris rushed forward and stabbed her sword towards a mass of ice.
With the sound of shattering, a hole opened up in the ice.
But very soon, new ice rose up to fill up the pierced location.
"Damn it—"
"Ordinary attacks are useless. Coordinate your timing with me!"
"...Like I said, stop ordering me around!"
Countless pillars of ice were growing out of Zirnitra's entire body, then shot outwards.
Faced with suppressive fire from all directions shot at point blank range, it was totally impossible to evade.
(...Fine, I'll just have to retaliate an eye for an eye!)
Kamito went up decisively. Contracted to Est, Kamito possessed Steel's Protection which enhanced the body's durability. This allowed him some leeway to conduct self-sacrificing attacks.
"Absolute Blade Arts — First Form, Purple Lightning!"
Sharp pillars of ice shot at Kamito.
Blood splattered from all over his body, but Kamito continued advancing, unfazed.
Smashing ice with sword strikes of god-like speed, he pummeled the monster's body to produce a cobweb-like network of cracks.
"Not done yet—"
Maintaining a thrusting posture, Kamito infused the Demon Slayer with a large amount of divine power to cause an explosion. Suppose he destroyed the interior of the body directly rather than using slicing attacks, he should be able to slow down the regeneration speed. However—
'—No good, Kamito!'
(...Eh?)
He heard Est's voice in his mind. Suddenly, he was struck by a sense of powerlessness in his limbs.
The ice where the sword was stabbed suddenly gave off powerful light.
(...It's absorbing my divine power!?)
'...Kami... to...'
Kamito instantly tried to draw out the sword, but—
"...!"
The cursed ice had frozen the sacred sword's blade, trying to pull it in.
'—Kamito, please let go of me!'
"Like hell anyone's gonna do that!"
Using willpower alone to suppress the sense of exhaustion, Kamito yelled loudly.
(...Restia, lend me the power you left behind!)
The seal of darkness branded on Kamito's right hand gave off ominous light.
The silver-white blade with dazzling radiance gradually took on a coating of darkness.
"Go forth and pierce, all-annihilating demon lightning of punishment—Vorpal Blast!"
The Demon King's Sword—Terminus Est Zwei.
Imbued with powers of darkness, the sacred sword released jet-black lightning.
The ensnaring cursed ice was instantly vaporized. Kamito took this opportunity to withdraw the blade and distance himself all at once.
Just at this moment...
At the lower abdomen of this giant mass of magical ice, countless ice dragon heads sprouted.
These were the remains of the ice dragons absorbed by Zirnitra.
(...No way!?)
The ice dragons all widened their jaws together and spewed out an astounding amount of blizzard breath.
Kamito hastily readied the Demon King's Sword to use as a shield. But having had his divine power sucked out just now, he was unable to bring out power sufficient to melt the blizzard.
Just before he was about to be attacked by the blizzard and frozen all over—
"—O Sacred Shield of protection!"
Luminaris chanted protective magic to neutralize the blizzard.
"...Sorry, thanks for saving me."
Kamito fell to his knees, panting.
Torn by ice blades, his uniform was gradually dyed the color of blood.
"Looks like melee weapon attacks are useless."
Luminaris groaned.
"But we don't have enough firepower to burn the thing up using ranged attacks—"
Right, without overwhelming power to destroy it in one go, Zirnitra would probably become capable of infinite regeneration after merging with the Forest of Ice Blossoms.
But they did not have an attack capable to annihilating the mass of something so gigantic—
(...If Rubia's Laevateinn could be used here, it'd be a piece of cake.)
'—Kamito, please listen to me.'
"...Est?"
Hearing her, Kamito rested his gaze upon the Demon King's Sword in his hand.
'The core for maintaining that spirit weapon should be present somewhere.'
"...Core?"
'Yes, this monster absorbs divine power endlessly from the surroundings. That kind of thing will rapidly collapse on its own. But it is able to stay materialized all this time because—'
"...I see. In other words, there's a core somewhere that's enough to sustain it?"
Hearing Kamito's mutterings, Luminaris reacted.
"—Core huh? I see now. I have some idea."
"...Some idea, really?"
"Yes. A human princess maiden at the Elfim settlement. I personally saw that girl merge with Zirnitra. Most likely, that girl is the—"
"A human princess maiden..."
Kamito was struck with surprise.
...Indeed, the Elfim girl had mentioned it too.
Something about the Queen of Ice Blossoms merging with Zirnitra.
At the time, he had been skeptical about the notion of a human merging with a spirit—
"As long as the core is targeted, there's a way to stop that monster huh—"
Kamito looked towards the monster, restless in the darkness.
Zu... Zuzuzu... Zuzuzu...!
The traces of damage inflicted by Kamito and Luminaris had already started to regenerate. With ice dragon heads sprouting all over, the massive body was currently still devouring the land slowly. At this rate, it could swallow the entire forest, turning into a monster that even an army would be unable to stop.
"...Wanna try a gamble?"
Readying the Demon King's Sword that was exuding miasma of darkness, Kamito said:
"Luminaris, when I give the signal, release your strongest move as much as you can."
"Like I said, stop ordering me—"
"—I'm begging you. Most likely, this move can only be used once."
"..."
Faced with Kamito's serious voice, Luminaris fell silent.
"...Understood. You shall decide the timing."
"Yeah, just leave it to me—"
Holding the Demon King's Sword, Kamito rushed towards the howling blizzard.
"Ohhhhhhhhhhhhh!"
Kicking the ground hard, he instantly closed in, then—
"Absolute Blade Arts — First Form, Purple Lightning!"
A strike with god-like speed left a large crack on the ice.
"—Luminaris, here you go!"
"Yes—"
Answering Kamito's cries, Luminaris raised the sacred sword high.
"Ancient guardian of the Holy Kingdom—Thou art Murgleis, the sacred sword defending the country!"
The surging sacred flames blasted the blizzard apart and pierced the crack made by Kamito.
Surpassing the cursed ice's regeneration speed, the burning sacred flames howled inside Zirnitra's body.
(...Not bad at all!)
While mentally offering praises to her, Kamito charged into the howling sacred flames without hesitation at all.
—This was a gamble. Suppose his predictions were wrong, Kamito would likely be burnt into ash. However—
(Luminaris's elemental waffe is purely of the holy attribute. In that case—)
It would be the same as for healing magic. Having inherited the Darkness Elemental Lord's power, his Demon King body was going to deflect it.
"Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhh!"
Covering the jet-black Demon King's Sword with lightning of darkness, Kamito charged into the flames.
He could feel overwhelming heat on his skin.
—However, the sacred flames did not touch Kamito.
Brushing away the flames in front of him—He saw it, right there.
(...That's it!)
The final wall of ice that even the howling sacred flames could not approach.
Inside the wall of ice was the core sustaining Zirnitra here.
Roaring, Kamito kicked the ground to accelerate further.
Then—
He released the final move from the Absolute Blade Arts.
"Absolute Blade Arts — Destructive Form, Bursting Blossom Spiral Blade Dance - Eighteen Consecutive Strikes・Lightning Flare!"
Slashing freely left and right with lightning everywhere, he instantly smashed the wall of ice standing in his way.
Twelve, thirteen, fourteen—With every slash, a layer of the ice wall was shaved off, destroying it.
Even time for regeneration was not given. Ahead of the consecutive slashes with god-like speed was—
(...That's!?)
Kamito saw the figure imprisoned securely inside the wall of cursed ice.
He saw the figure of a human girl, dressed as a princess maiden.
(...Could that be the Queen of Ice Blossoms!?)
After seeing the girl's appearance up close, Kamito could not help but shudder.
He had seen the girl's face before.
Yes, it was what Rinslet had shown him at the Water Elemental Shrine, inside a spirit crystal.
(...Judia Laurenfrost!?)
—Just at that moment...
The girl inside the cursed ice slowly opened her eyes.
She opened her emerald eyes that were identical to Rinslet's.
Za, zazaza, za—zazazaza, za, zaza, za—
Her adorable lips trembled slightly—
(...!)
In the next instant, Kamito's body was engulfed in black cursed ice.
"...Why did this happen!? Then merging with Zirnitra is—"
After hearing Iseria's confession, Rinslet's face instantly went deathly pale.
What happened on that fateful day, four years ago.
The cruel truth shocked her deeply.
"No way, I can't believe it... Iseria-sama... Please tell me that isn't true...!"
'...Sorry, Rinslet. Everything is due to the sins of my past self.'
"Iseria-sama..."
Sitting astride Fenrir's back, Rinslet was at a total loss.
(...Why? ...Why not me but her...)
Fenrir jumped over fallen trees and landed on a piece of barren land ravaged by a blizzard.
—Just at that moment, still in a dazed state, Rinslet opened her eyes wide.
"—Kamito-san!?"
She saw Kamito charging into the punctured crack in Zirnitra.
The punctured crack quickly regenerated, intending to imprison Kamito inside.
(...Now is not the time to be shocked!)
Supposing what lay inside was really the existence that Iseria mentioned—
"—Fenrir, quickly!"
Receiving Rinslet's command, Fenrir took a massive leap.
While roaring to blow the blizzard apart, he jumped into the gradually closing crack.
Inside the crack were intensely burning flames.
Seeing that, Rinslet immediately chanted spirit magic while riding Fenrir.
"O king ruling over cold winter, I beseech thee to grant unto me thy protection—Field of Cold!"
At the last minute, a shield of cold air deployed in Fenrir's surroundings protected her.
Originally, these were not flames that could be defended against using spirit magic but fortunately, they had lost over half their power inside Zirnitra's body.
"—Kamito-san, where are you!?"
Cursed ice stood upright before her, blocking the way. In response—
"O primordial ice, shatter mine enemy—Icicle Spear!"
Rinslet summoned a giant spear of ice from the air, destroying the obstacle in one hit.
Inside the shattered wall of ice—
"—Kamito-san!"
She could see the figure of Kamito trapped inside the black cursed ice.
"...Guh, Rins... let...?"
His upper body already covered with cursed ice, Kamito moved his lips slightly.
Rinslet instantly jumped down from Fenrir's back and rushed over to his side.
"...Kamito-san, I shall save you right away!"
"...Rins... let... no... Hurry, escape..."
Kamito's voice sounded like he was out of breath, but Rinslet simply shook her head in response:
"I am a noble from the honorable House of Laurenfrost. I shall never abandon others!"
Rinslet took a step back and chanted spirit magic.
"O primordial ice, shatter mine enemy—Icicle Spear!"
The spear of ice summoned from the air pierced the black cursed ice that was afflicting Kamito.
Inside the magical chamber sealed in ice, a crisp sound was heard.
—But that was all.
Not even a single crack appeared on the cursed ice covering Kamito.
"...Why is this happening!?"
'The cursed ice is absorbing Kazehaya Kamito's burgeoning divine power. This level of spirit magic is unable to deal any damage to it—'
Iseria's voice sounded in her mind.
"Why is this happening..."
The black cursed ice even absorbed Rinslet's magic as well, advancing even faster.
"...Guh, ah, ahhhh...!"
Strangled with cursed ice tightening around his throat, Kamito made painful noises.
"Kamito-san... Kamito-san...!"
Rinslet reflexively hugged him, cradling her arms around his neck.
This was to protect Kamito's head from the spreading of the cursed ice.
But that kind of action proved fruitless as well.
The cursed ice mercilessly froze her arms gradually.
"...Guh, Rins... let... hurry... let go..."
"...No... Don't... wanna!"
Rinslet kept shaking her head like a child throwing a tantrum.
Throwing her usual elegance out the window, she screamed with a crying face:
"B-Because if you're gone, Claire will be heartbroken!"
"...!"
"Also the Captain, Her Highness the Imperial Princess, Miss Sword Spirit... As well as m-me..."
Rinslet stared in the Kamito's face while cradling his head in both arms.
They were close enough to feel each other's breaths. Rather ill-timed, their cheeks went red.
"Rinslet..."
"...That's why... I will never... ever give up!"
Hearing Rinslet's words—
"...Ahhh... Right, ah...!"
Despite his hazy consciousness, Kamito still nodded.
(...Th-There should be some solution...)
He felt an intense chill all over his body. Spreading to his feet, the cursed ice was absorbing divine power.
"...Guh... Ah...."
Kamito's eyelids slowly closed over his eyes.
"—Kamito-san!"
Rinslet screamed loudly but Kamito did not wake up.
...He had apparently lost consciousness completely.
(...Ooh, shattering this cursed ice is the only way!)
Rinslet refined divine power, preparing to unleash spirit magic again.
—At this time, something glowed inside the cursed ice that was gradually imprisoning the two of them.
(...Miss Sword Spirit?)
What was glowing was the sacred sword in Kamito's hand.
Indeed, even with his entire body covered in cursed ice, Kamito still did not let go of the Demon Slayer. Even with his divine power sucked dry, in a state of unconsciousness, he still maintained its elemental waffe form without dispelling it.
That was Kamito's will, resisting to the very end.
He knew. That this Demon Slayer was his only hope for breaking the cursed ice—
(...So long as he has enough divine power, he can allow Miss Sword Spirit to bring out her power!)
And the only method was—
Making her decision, Rinslet nodded.
"Kamito-san... I, love you, Kamito-san—"
She touched Kamito's cheeks with both hands.
Then—
"E-Even as a noble, I have confessed my feelings. Before I hear your answer, I will not permit you to die...!"
She kissed the unconscious Kamito.
With every breath, she sent refined divine power into Kamito's body.
Kamito's throat moved as a result, despite the fact that he was supposed to have lost consciousness.
"...Guh... Ah, ku..."
"I offer you all of my divine power, Kamito-san—"
Hugging Kamito's neck tightly, Rinslet kissed even deeper.
The Demon Slayer's light strengthened, its rays producing diffused reflection inside the cursed ice.
The cursed ice cracked. From that crevice, the sacred sword, shining with silver-white luster, appeared.
"...O-Ohhhhhhhhhhhhh!"
Just as Kamito's mighty yell echoed within Zirnitra's body, in that very instant...
The prison of cursed ice locking them away was shattered.
The cursed ice's remains scattered like glittering stars.
In the center was Kamito standing there, holding Rinslet in his arms.
"...Kamito... -san...!"
Rinslet's lips, as lovely as a flower bud, parted slightly.
Kamito placed her onto the back of Fenrir who was waiting on the side.
"—Thank you, Rinslet."
Rinslet had exhausted her power. Kamito gently placed his hand on her head.
Currently, massive divine power was flowing in a fierce torrent inside Kamito's body.
This was the divine power that Rinslet had used all her strength to deliver to him. Light from the Demon Slayer in his hand illuminated every nook and cranny inside Zirnitra's body.
The light illuminated the figure in the deepest part of the cursed ice where darkness resided.
The Queen of Ice Blossoms—Judia Laurenfrost.
Za, zazaza, za, zazazazazazaza, zazaza, zaza—
Her lips kept producing strange noises, creating cursed ice in Kamito's surroundings.
But it was useless. So long as the Demon Slayer in Kamito's hand still had divine power, the cursed ice was unable to approach him.
"Judia..."
With a pained expression, Rinslet stared at her sister inside the cursed ice.
But Judia's empty gaze did not reflect her figure.
"...What is going on? What is actually up with her—"
While staring at the girl in the cursed ice, Kamito asked Rinslet behind him.
Rinslet bit her lip and hesitated for a moment before...
"—Like the corrosion of the Elemental Lords, the Otherworldly Darkness is responsible."
Finally, she explained with an expression of suffering.
"...The Otherworldly Darkness is in her body?"
"Yes. Iseria-sama told me—The truth of that particular day."
Rinslet nodded and lowering her gaze slightly, she began to recount.
—Four years ago, on the day of the Water Elemental Festival.
Corroded by the Otherworldly Darkness, the Water Elemental Lord was on the verge of losing control. If further corruption continued at the same rate, it was easily conceivable that she would eventually end up along the same path as the Fire Elemental Lord who had destroyed the town of Dylus.
But her actual condition was actually more severe than that of the Fire Elemental Lord's back then.
The Otherworldly Darkness corroding the Water Elemental Lord not only intended to invade Astral Zero but also the human realm which was supposed to be isolated on a material level.
"...Coming into contact with that darkness by chance was Judia."
Looking at the girl in the cursed ice, Rinslet bit her lip.
"If only I had conducted the ritual on that day as customary—"
Sensing that a princess maiden in the human realm intended to contact the Water Elemental Lord, the Otherworldly Darkness caused part of the darkness to sneak into her body through the ritual.
Judia was an excellent princess maiden. This was perhaps one of the factors causing the tragedy. Infected by the insanity of the Otherworldly Darkness, she intended to summon the main body of the darkness to the human realm—
"...I see."
Listening to this point, Kamito suddenly reacted.
"In order to stop that, Iseria—"
"...Yes."
Rinslet nodded and continued.
"On that day, the Water Elemental Lord was on the last vestiges of sanity. In order to prevent the worst outcome, she sealed her—Judia—in cursed ice, together with the Otherworldly Darkness."
—Those were the memories of the truth that Iseria had found from within the Water Elemental Lord.
"But it has awakened once more—"
Most likely in the instant when Kamito and his team were liberating the elemental lord in Astral Zero, the Otherworldly Darkness had activated.
The darkness sealed in the cursed ice resonated and recovered its power.
Then breaking the cursed ice, the darkness controlled Judia and started moving autonomously.
First it used mind control on the Elfim inhabiting the forest and started preparing the revival of the powerful spirit, Zirnitra. Then merging with the powerful entity, it intended to summon the true body of the darkness into the human realm to replace itself.
"...Is there a way to save her?"
Looking at Judia who was still making noises, Kamito asked.
Rinslet readied her bow elemental waffe and stood next to Kamito.
"—Definitely possible. Assuming it's you, Kamito-san, the one who freed the Fire Elemental Lord."
Kamito silently nodded and readied the Demon Slayer.
Concentrating the turbulent divine power into one point, he poured it into the blade.
"Freezing fangs of ice, go forth and pierce -- Freezing Arrow!"
Rinslet used the last of her divine power to fire the final shot.
Anxious to save her sister, the arrow she had fired with full concentration pierced the wall of cursed ice, creating a tiny crack.
Kamito made a thrust with the sword's tip towards that crack—
"—Come back. Your sister is waiting."
Shining silver-white, the sacred sword pierced the chest of the Queen of Ice Blossoms.

Prior to dawn, the sky was still dark and the snow-covered land was shrouded in silence.
Having lost its core, the Queen of Ice Blossoms, Zirnitra's bloated existence could not be sustained and collapsed. Originally, spirits destroyed in the human realm would disappear and return to Astral Zero, but having melded together with tangible matter, Zirnitra had lost this trait of spirits and ended up as a corpse left out in the open.
Taking the unconscious Judia, Kamito and Rinslet returned to Winter Gulf Castle for now.
Attacked by the ice dragons, the castle walls were severely damaged but the interior of the castle was essentially unharmed. There were no deaths among the soldiers either.
In order to prevent chaos from breaking out among the people in the castle, Rinslet kept Judia in her own room for now. Snoring away in her slumber, Judia looked very young in face, almost as though her time had stopped since the Water Elemental Festival on that day four years ago.
As for Judia's sudden return, Mireille could hardly contain her surprise initially but soon displayed her characteristic optimism, offering with Milla to take care of Judia together.
After finishing her duties for the most part, Rinslet was having a bath alone in the purification facility.
"...Phew. With too many things happened, I am totally exhausted."
Immersed in the hot water up to her shoulders, Rinslet breathed a sigh of relief.
Due to defending Winter Gulf Castle and giving Kamito the majority of her divine power, her body was excessively fatigued.
To avoid collapsing on the ground, she had to recover her divine power as quickly as possible.
...Things will only get busier from now on. Not just about Judia, but also arranging for healers to treat the wounded soldiers, repairing the half-destroyed castle walls, as well as—
(...I still need to do something about those children who lost their forest.)
Rinslet had gathered the Elfim children whose settlement was destroyed, bringing them to the castle for protection and medical treatment.
Elfim tribes were not bound by imperial laws to begin with, but those living in the Forest of Ice Blossoms were equivalent to Laurenfrost subjects. Giving them necessary protection was part of a noble's duties.
(...Before Father and Mother return, I must fulfill the duties of a temporary ruler properly.)
While she was pondering these matters in the bath, her body felt scorching as though on fire.
"...Huah... I-It's here... again...!"
Her heart was beating intensely and she could feel divine power that should have been depleted, coursing rapidly through her body.
...The reason did not require much thinking. It was precisely the kiss she shared with Kamito.
(...This power, what on earth is going on?)
Touching her moist lips with her finger, Rinslet murmured to herself.
—Kamito was alone on a terrace in the castle, looking up at the dawn sky.
The rays of sunrise coming from the Kyria Mountain Range gradually illuminated the entirety of the Forest of Ice Blossoms under his view.
Meanwhile he was gazing down at the giant corpse of Zirnitra, lying in the depths of the forest.
(...Restia, where exactly did she go?)
Kamito exhaled white mist.
She escaped into the forest—That was what the Elfim princess maiden had mentioned.
Then she was probably still in the forest.
Once the sun was up, Kamito intended to search for her again.
(...Such a shame that the Holy Kingdom's knights got away.)
According to Natalia, captain of the Wolf Ritters, Luminaris and the Sacred Spirit Knights had already disappeared without trace by the time she went to rescue members of the Wolf Ritters. If possible, Kamito naturally wanted to capture Luminaris to interrogate for information. But including Luminaris, everyone should be covered in wounds, so the Sacred Spirit Knights were probably not going to continue hunting down Restia.
"Kamito-san—"
At this moment, he heard an apprehensive voice from behind.
Looking back, he found Rinslet at the entrance to the terrace, having just finished her bath.
She was still wearing the attire for ritual purification with a bathrobe worn on her shoulders.
Her skin was still showing a red flush with faint water vapor rising.
Confronted with the young lady's seductive appearance, Kamito could not help but feel his heart rate rising.
"Rinslet..."
She walked over to Kamito's side and leaned against the railing.
"Umm, about Judia, I am very grateful. It is all thanks to you, Kamito-san."
"No, I'm the one who should be thankful. If you weren't there at the time, Rinslet..."
"...What's the matter?"
"No, nothing..."
Catching faint glimpses of her cleavage from the gap in her bathrobe, Kamito averted his gaze.
The sun was gradually rising, causing her long, platinum blonde hair to look increasingly lustrous and beautiful.
"Umm, yes..."
Rinslet seemed to be shyly stammering as she tried to bring up a topic.
"Umm, I-I wanted to talk about what happened back then..."
"...Back then?"
"Y-Yes... L-Like I said, back then!"
Her face grew redder and she even pouted.
"Oh, sure..."
Only now did Kamito finally realize.
...She was talking about kissing Kamito to transfer divine power to him.
"...B-Back then, umm... Thank goodness."
Still pouting, Rinslet suddenly leaned against Kamito.
"Back then, what I said, uh... was serious, you know?"
Her clear eyes of emerald were staring at Kamito uneasily.
As for Kamito—
"...What you said?"
"...Eh? Yes..."
Seeing question marks popping over Kamito's head, Rinslet could hardly conceal her confusion.
"...Umm, say... Could it be, you didn't hear it?"
"S-Sorry... Back then, my mind was hazy..."
...Kamito apologized honestly. Indeed, Rinslet seemed to have said something before kissing him—
"...~W-W-W-W-What...!?"
Rinslet trembled and shook.
Whoosh whoosh whoosh whoosh whoosh whoosh whoosh... Suddenly, a blizzard began to blow in the surroundings.
"S-Sorry... C-Could you say it again..."
"...~F-Forget about it!"
Angrily, Rinslet turned her head away.
"...I-I clearly committed my resolve, a serious kiss... that's why..."
"...!"
—Just as Kamito was shaken, at that moment...
"...K-Kiss, k-kiss... Come again?"
"Damn it... So you've engaged in such shameless behavior again!"
Rumble rumble rumble rumble rumble rumble rumble rumble...!
This time, the surrounding temperature rose rapidly.
(...Hold on, this voice is!?)
"...C-Claire! And Captain!?"
Rinslet cried out in a panic.
"H-Hold on... Why are the two of you here!?"
"W-We heard you two went on a trip—"
"We came to chase you down!"
With angry auras, the two girls approached Kamito.
"...S-Speaking of which, what is this about a k-kiss, k-kiss?"
"Hmm, I cannot pretend I did not hear it!"
"N-No... Umm, uh, it's not like what you're thinking—"
"...K-Kamito-san, what do you mean by that!?"
For some reason, even Rinslet started to pout when she was supposed to know the truth.
—At this moment...
Kamito's gaze was suddenly drawn to the terrace's entrance.
—Someone was standing there.
A girl with gorgeous long hair the color of darkness and dusk-colored eyes.
"...Res... tia—?"

...I, love you, Kamito-san—
Hello everyone, I am Shimizu. Thank you very much for buying this book. Sorry for the long wait. This time, I present to everyone Volume 13 of Seirei Tsukai no Blade Dance, "Queen of Ice Blossoms"!
One week has passed since the Academy was attacked using the opportunities afforded by the Great Festival of the Spirits. Having recovered his memory, Kamito received a certain piece of news. Reportedly, a girl resembling Restia had appeared in a forest on near the Empire's borders. In order to confirm the veracity of this news, Kamito set off for Rinslet's homeland of Laurenfrost!
As a result, this volume is where the perfect well-bred lady, Rinslet, gets to shine. On further thought, she is the poor girl who never received any main plot devoted to her despite appearing on the cover of Volume 4... Finally, she gets the chance to counterattack this time. Because Rinslet is one of my favorite characters, writing this volume was quite an easy and enjoyable process!
Next comes acknowledgements. I am very thankful to Sakura Hanpen-sensei who has drawn outstanding and adorable illustrations again. How rare it is to put an animal on a light novel's cover.
Editor in charge, Sukawa-sama, sorry for causing you trouble all the time. Thank you and thank you once again.
Hyoujyuu Issei-sensei, thank you for drawing the best comic edition as always. The intense battle scenes always makes me look forward to them. The third volume of the comic with Est on the cover is also selling with favorable ratings. If possible, please show your support and check it out, I highly recommend it!
Finally, the greatest thanks goes to every reader. I am really really super thankful!
Next, just to let you know about a joint offering from Hirasakayomi-sensei, Sagarasou-sensei, Suzuri-sensei and Shimizu, a GranCrest's TRPG replay titled "NEET Lord's Dragon Slaying Tales" is currently for sale under Fujimi Dragon Book. Because it is a very fun (*very outrageous) replay, all interested readers should check it out. A certain familiar spirit from this series will also make an appearance there!
Also, also, there is news about the anime adaptation that will start broadcasting in July—
Including filming, script and cast of voice actors, one could say this is a gathering of the best staff. The production is by TNK whose other works include High School DxD and this spring's Kenzen Robo Daimidaler. The director is also Yanagisawa Tetsuya the same as for those two anime series. Please look forward to the product from the strongest lineup!
—Okay, the official start to the "Spirit War Arc" will finally arrive next volume. Let's meet again with Volume 14, "Upheaval in the Imperial Capital"!


Shimizu Yuu, March 2014
Nice to meet you, or hello again, this is Sakura Hanpen!
Rinslet-san! Rinslet-san! It's been a while!!
I'm so happy to be drawing her for the cover this time!
The truth is, other than Scarlet this is the first time I'm drawing an animal spirit!
Because of that I ended up wasting a lot of time and caused lots of problems for Shimizu-sensei and our editor Sukawa-san T_T
But I'm glad I managed to draw her so cutely!
Rinslet-san really did a lot in this volume and that made me really happy!
It makes me look forward to the next volume...
Many other things have happened but I'll keep doing my best for this so treat me favorably!
Well then, see you next volume!

"Ugh..."
Kamito opened his eyes. The first thing to enter his view was a pure white ceiling.
Warm sunlight was streaming into the room through the curtains. The bedsheets were white and newly washed.
Why exactly was he here?
Before that, what on earth...?
(Where is this?)
...His body could not move.
The first possibility entering his mind was that something was restricting his freedom.
But on top of sleepiness, there was nothing resembling shackles. Had he been restrained by magical means, then he should not be able to lift even a finger.
(Am I this weak simply from exhaustion?)
Reaching this tentative conclusion, he surveyed the room to get a grasp on the situation.
First he saw the vase on the bedside shelf. Also, there was a large table in the middle of the room with a wardrobe placed against the wall. Although this furniture was not ornamented with exceptional luxury, it was evident at least that they were high quality and chosen with care.
Also the bed was extremely comfortable, as though his body could sink into it completely.
(...Is this a room used by a noble?)
At least, it did not seem like a commoner's room.
Then if that were the case, why was he placed into a noble's room?
(...Imprisonment? No.)
This room had a window. The door was also made of wood and easy to break.
Unlike that jail-like facility, surrounded by cold rock, this was different.
—At this moment, footsteps were heard outside the room.
The approaching steps showed no intent to conceal them.
...Judging from the situation, it was probably one person. Was it the one who had moved him to this room? Kamito had no idea what the intentions were, but if necessary, he would force the person to speak the truth.
His trained body responded naturally, by picking up something nearby to use as a weapon—The vase on the bedside shelf.
The footsteps stopped. Then came the sound of a key and the door slowly opened.
Kamito inadvertently gasped.
Appearing at the door was a red-haired beauty.
The instant their eyes met, the eyes of ruby suddenly widened greatly.
"...Kami... to...?"
"Huh?"
The water jug in her hand fell to the floor with a loud crash.
But she remained stunned, her body frozen and rooted to the spot.
(...What?)
Holding the vase, Kamito was a little unsure of what to do.
He never expected the one to imprison him to react like this.
Several seconds of silence later, the girl took a deep breath—
"Kamito, you finally woke up."
Without any wariness at all, she rushed straight at Kamito.
(...)
Due to the unexpected action, Kamito's reactions were slowed down.
The girl spread her arms and hugged Kamito on the bed.
Then...
"WAAAAAAAAAAAAH..."
She suddenly began to cry loudly.
"What are you... doing...?"
Quite confused, Kamito whispered.
(...What the heck is up with this girl?)
Completely bewildered. Didn't this girl imprison him?
On the bed, the girl rubbed her eyes that were slightly swollen from her crying.
"You haven't opened your eyes for the past week. The Academy's healers couldn't cure you. All this time, I was thinking what if you stayed this way, Kamito, never to wake up, what on earth should I do... All this time, I was thinking about this, all this time."
"...A week, Academy?"
Kamito frowned and tilted his head.
"Yes. Everyone, everyone is so worried about you, wahhhhhhhhhh!"
Burying her face in the sheets, the girl began to cry again.
"Everyone?"
"Do I need to spell it out? Whether Ellis, Rinslet or the perverted princess, everyone."
"...Hold on. Let me ask a question before anything else."
Kamito interrupted the girl.
"What?"
At a loss, the girl looked up from the sheets.
"—First of all, who are you?"
Instantly, the girl's face froze.
—The Blade Dance was held in Astral Zero.
Its closing ceremony had already taken place over a week ago.
After a deadly battle where they prevailed against Team Inferno that was led by the Strongest Blade Dancer, Team Scarlet's maidens had achieved a spectacular victory. Completing the parade of triumph at the imperial capital, they then returned to Areishia Spirit Academy.
Despite the sounds of repeated cheering, the girls remained grave in expression.
The world's fate had changed on that day.
Ever since the audience with the Elemental Lords at their True Sanctuary...
Kamito had lost consciousness. Even after returning to the human realm, he still did not open his eyes at all.
Then—
"—Very likely, it is amnesia caused by mental strain."
At the headmistress' office on the school building's third floor...
Looking at each of the seated girls' faces in turn, Greyworth spoke thus.
"..."
The room fell into absolute silence.
Given that everyone present could not digest the current situation—
"Amnesia.. huh?"
Ellis spoke at this point.
"I am no expert, so I can't be sure."
Greyworth sighed and continued:
"When suffering shock that overloads capacity, the mind will automatically erase memories related to that incident in an attempt to prevent mental trauma—Humans apparently possess this kind of function. In past wars, I have seen many similar cases."
"No way...! Then Kamito—"
Ellis reached forward towards the desk.
Greyworth slowly shook her head.
"If his childhood memories regarding his encounter with the darkness spirit were all erased, then assuredly, the majority of memories related to her were lost—That's essentially the situation."
"..."
The cruel conclusion caused the girls' expressions to turn even more grim.
"Th-Then Kamito..."
Claire spoke in a hoarse voice.
"Then it's equivalent to forgetting all of us completely?"
"...Not just you but the same also goes for the Academy and me."
Greyworth's gray eyes displayed a shred of gloom.
After Kamito regained consciousness, Claire had immediately reported the incident to Greyworth.
Greyworth had met with Kamito and talked for a while to confirm his current condition.
What she discovered was the shocking truth that Kamito had lost his memories for the past few years.
"Most likely, the lad's memories have regressed back to the time when he was still an assassin at the Instructional School. Back to the time when all humanizing emotions were erased, raised as a tool for slaughter—"
Listening to Greyworth, Claire bit her lip hard.
(...So that was Kamito before he met the darkness spirit?)
—Who are you?
Eyes gazing as sharp as knives, rejecting all emotions.
At least, Claire had never seen Kamito with such icy cold eyes before.
While feeling shocked, she also felt a bit of jealousy sprouting in her heart.
(...So Kamito cherishes that darkness spirit to this extent.)
Cherishing her to the point of being unable to accept the truth of Restia's death—
To the point of erasing all memories related to her.
"Then, may I ask—"
"Should we try mentioning the darkness spirit to Kamito again—"
"—Better not."
Greyworth shook her head.
"The lad's amnesia is for protecting his mind after all. If confronted with the unbearable truth again, the lad's psyche could very well collapse completely. In the worst case scenario, he could lose the ability to use spirit seals."
"...You have a point. That possibility is not unlikely."
Fianna nodded and agreed.
She had personally experienced losing the ability to use spirit seals before. A contractor's psychological condition had a massive effect on their relationship with the contracted spirit.
"Th-That does sound plausible..."
Rinslet's shoulders sank.
Greyworth lifted her glasses then looked at the girls' faces again.
"Very regrettably, I am not in a position to be privy to what actually happened in the True Sanctuary of the Elemental Lords. But let me ask this, is the lad's amnesia related to the loss of that darkness spirit?"
"...Yes."
Claire nodded.
What happened in the True Sanctuary of the Elemental Lords was absolutely forbidden from being disclosed to others.
This was not only because of the oath imposed on Blade Dance winners but also their promise with Water Elemental Lord, Iseria Seaward.
While in audience with the Elemental Lords to pray to them, something happened.
This resulted in Kamito losing the darkness spirit.
Apart from that, Greyworth did not know anything about it. The only ones who knew what happened there on that day were the members of Team Scarlet.
—The plan to release the Elemental Lords who were driven mad by the corruption of the Otherworldly Darkness.
Having obtained the assistance of Iseria Seaward, the Water Elemental Lord's avatar that was sealed at the Abandoned City, they almost succeeded in their plan.
However, the instant just before Kamito was about to release the Fire Elemental Lord, the Demon King's power had gone out of control. Overcome with pain and suffering, Kamito was engulfed by the Otherworldly Darkness gushing out from the throne.
Everyone despaired. No one had the heart to imagine what would happen when body of flesh came into contact with the otherworldly darkness that caused even the Elemental Lords to go mad because they could not endure.
But in the next instant, an incredible phenomenon took place right before their eyes.
The Otherworldly Darkness, which should have devoured Kamito completely, suddenly vanished.
Next, as the darkness was swept away, Claire and the girls witnessed an unbelievable sight.
Held in Kamito's hand, the Demon Slayer's blade—
Stabbed right through Restia's chest.
The meaning of her action was completely unclear.
But Claire could understand why she did it.
Darkness spirit Restia—
(...intends to save Kamito.)
As the scene from that day replayed in her mind, Claire murmured in her heart.
Pierced in the heart, Restia soon disappeared.
At the same time, the Otherworldly Darkness gushing from the elemental lords' throne also ceased activity.
...After that, Claire could not remember clearly. Everyone felt as though they were plunged in a dream.
Fenrir picked up the dazed Kamito and retreated from the spot while Claire and the girls fled the True Sanctuary as fast as they could as well. The Endless Corridor's door could be heard shutting behind them. As soon as they came to their senses—
They were back to the Divine Ritual Institute's shrine where the five Queens were waiting.
Back then, Kamito was unconscious, still holding Est in sword form.
Then the Demon Slayer also—
"...Excuse me, Headmistress, how is Est?"
Suddenly recalling, Claire asked.
"According to the reconnaissance team's report, there are no obvious changes. Currently still in deep slumber, most likely."
"I see..."
They had originally hoped that something might change once Kamito recovered consciousness.
Indeed. Having destroyed the darkness spirit, the Demon Slayer likewise departed from Kamito's hand.
The moment Kamito's body returned to the Divine Ritual Institute's shrine, the Demon Slayer disappeared.
—That said, Est did not vanish completely from the world.
The spirit seal was still present on Kamito's right hand and her location was also found out.
In the instant the Demon Slayer vanished...
Within the Spirit Forest in the Academy's territory, a phenomenon involving a massive release of divine power was observed.
This was the underground temple where Est was sealed in the past.
It was reportedly an old military installation that was currently sealed.
The Academy had assembled a reconnaissance team to analyze the divine power's type and discovered that it came from a powerful sword spirit possessing the steel attribute.
Why had Est teleported to that kind of place—The reason was not yet known. However, this was probably related to the fact that Est had been sealed in that temple in the past.
(...The headmistress seems to have some idea.)
The underground facility was originally a military secret and not disclosed to ordinary students. In actual fact, Claire previously did not know about its existence in the Academy's territory.
In any case, the underground facility could not be searched without the nation's authorization.
One would need to wait several days at least before an official search could start.
"Oh well, let's just observe quietly for now. The imperial capital will send experts shortly. Before that, don't make a fuss and refrain from provocation."
"...Experts?"
"Yes. The Empire's number one spirit doctor, no doubt about it. If it's her, she might be able to find a solution."
Saying that, Greyworth turned her gaze towards Ellis.
"Ellis, increase the number of knights on surveillance to four."
"Four knights?"
Ellis asked in response.
"Uh, I do not think it is necessary to keep him under such strict surveillance. Kamito is not a dangerous character."
"Oh really?"
Hearing her reply, Greyworth smiled in amusement.
Claire was shocked. This was also her first time to see Ellis raising objections to the headmistress.
"It's like you're a completely different person. Two months earlier, who was the one who opposed vehemently on grounds of a male elementalist being extremely dangerous—"
"U-Umm..."
Ellis's face gradually turned bright red.
"I can understand how you feel, but it is decided already. Very likely, the lad's mental state has regressed back to his days as an assassin at the Instructional School. Regrettably, it would be best if you don't treat him as the Kamito you know so well."
"No way..."
At this moment, the bell rang to signal the beginning of afternoon classes.
"—This conversation is hereby concluded. Return to your duties as students."
In a commanding tone of voice, Greyworth dismissed Claire and the girls.
The office door opened and Claire's group exited the room.
"So, see you later."
"Yeah."
Parting ways with Ellis who had Sylphid Knights duties and Fianna who had to head off to a supplementary lesson for a cooking practical, Claire and Rinslet walked in the opposite direction.
As Raven Class's most problematic duo, they also had top grades and were already taking upper division courses back when they were in the lower division.
This was also one reason why they were feared and ostracized by the upper division students.
"...He finally regained consciousness, but never did I expect him to lose his memory."
Walking in the corridor, Rinslet sighed.
"This cannot be helped. Better than his mind breaking."
Darkness spirit Restia—The contracted spirit of Strongest Blade Dancer Ren Ashbell three years ago.
She was the girl who had conferred human emotions upon Kamito whose heart had been denied by the Instructional School.
Whether coming to the Academy or participating in the Blade Dance again, Kamito had done everything in order to find her, the one whom he lost three years ago.
However, having finally found her, she was destroyed before Kamito's eyes.
—Rather, Kamito had killed her by his own hand.
"If the spirit seal remained, at least there'd be a glimmer of hope."
"Yeah..."
Last time when Est disappeared, the spirit seal branded upon Kamito's right hand did not vanish.
Hence, Kamito was not devoured by despair and was able to pull himself together.
But Restia's seal had vanished completely.
"She saved Kamito. And definitely, that includes the world—"
Murmuring, Claire turned her gaze towards the blue sky outside the window.
It was still unknown whether Kamito had successfully released the Fire Elemental Lord or not.
But according to Iseria Seaward who had remained behind in Astral Zero to monitor the Elemental Lords, their madness had currently subsided somewhat. This was similar to three years ago when the Strongest Blade Dancer had released the Water Elemental Lord.
"After that, we still haven't received any communications from Iseria-sama, right?"
"No, and there's no way to summon her from this side."
Rinslet's gaze fell upon the spirit seal branded upon her left hand while she spoke.
The seal of the ice rose—This was the gift that Iseria had bestowed directly upon Rinslet.
Although different from spirit seals that served as the proof of spirit contracts, through this seal, Rinslet was able to hear Iseria's voice from Astral Zero.
That said, her only message was the one time when they moved the unconscious Kamito back to the human realm. The Elemental Lords' current condition was quite worrying.
—The liberation plan was just an emergency measure after all.
Even if the plan succeeded, the Otherworldly Darkness was still eating away at the elemental lords.
Henceforth, which direction shall the world take—
This burden was too heavy for mere students.
"...Uh, your sister needs to recover soon."
"Yes. Once Iseria-sama recovers her powers completely, it should be an easy task..."
The Laurenfrost family's second daughter, Judia, had angered the insane Water Elemental Lord and was imprisoned in eternal, cursed ice.
Rinslet had entered the Blade Dance in order to save her, but ultimately, she did not get a chance to voice that wish in the True Sanctuary.
Judia Laurenfrost was still currently imprisoned in the cursed ice.
(Nee-sama is still missing as before...)
Sighing lightly, Claire turned her gaze back to the ground.
In the spring at the courtyard, girls from the lower division were setting up a shrine for making offerings to spirits. In the surroundings, there were even people frolicking in swimsuits or playing musical instruments, etc. The mood seemed quite harmonious and joyful.
"...Good grief. Look how peaceful this place is."
"Yeah."
The Academy was busy preparing for the Great Festival of the Spirits to be held two days later.
The Bountiful Harvest Supplication Festival, Water Spirit Festival and other seasonal celebrations were common in Areishia Spirit Academy, but the Great Festival of the Spirits was probably still the largest in scale.
Lasting for two days, this school festival's purpose was to express gratitude to the spirits. It was a grand event that attracted visitors from all over the Ordesia Empire and even foreign tourists. This was one of the rare opportunities for the Academy's sheltered young ladies to have contact with the external world.
Furthermore, since the Academy also produced the Blade Dance's champion team this year, the festival was expected to get even more crowded than in previous years.
Having brought the Elemental Lords' blessings and protection to the Empire, Team Scarlet naturally had to attend the second day's ceremony as the festival's main attraction.
"Naturally, Kamito-san must attend, right?"
"...Yeah. After all, Kamito is the main star who defeated that Strongest Blade Dancer to obtain victory. The crowd won't accept it if he doesn't even show up."
Only a small number of people including Freya the homeroom teacher were privy to the fact that Kamito had been unconscious for the past week. Ordinary students were told that he was recuperating due to injuries from the blade dance against the Strongest Blade Dancer.
Thanks to that, the headquarters of the Sylphid Knights, of which Kamito was a member, received a huge number of bouquets, letters and handmade confectionery from girls worrying about Kamito.
"...Say, that guy seems to have risen in popularity ever since returning to the Academy."
"Y-Yes, that's true indeed..."
Cough cough, Rinslet coughed.
Indeed. Although many girls feared Kamito back when he first enrolled as a male elementalist, after witnessing his active performance in the Blade Dance, increasing numbers of girls were secretly becoming his fans.
Naturally, this was nothing surprising for Claire who knew Kamito's true identity. After all, Kamito had enamored all the young maidens across the entire continent three years ago as the Strongest Blade Dancer Ren Ashbell.
(It's true that when engaged in a blade dance, Kamito is very, very cool...)
Claire pouted, sulking a little.
...Somehow, she felt displeased. There was an indescribable feeling.
She still had not settled her feelings regarding Kamito's true identity.
Ren Ashbell was the one whom Claire idolized. It felt completely unreal to suddenly say that her true identity was Kamito.
(...Sigh. It seems all I can do is think about Kamito's matters.)
Her cheeks involuntarily went hot. Claire shook her head as though trying to cover it up.
At a fork in the corridor, Rinslet stopped walking.
Although both girls were taking upper division courses, they pursued different specialties and therefore had separate classrooms. Rinslet's class was high level ritual performance while Claire's was introduction to summoning spells.
"Then see you shortly after. I will make some nutritious soup for Kamito-san and visit him."
"Yeah, I should also make something that's easy to digest."
"...Uh Claire, charcoal is not easy to digest, you know?"
"S-Stop looking down on me! I-I can do it when I put my mind to it!"

While Claire and Rinslet were walking in the corridor...
(...It's about time.)
Under the covers in bed, Kamito summoned his consciousness.
Rather than waking up naturally, he had applied self-suggestion beforehand to wake up on purpose—This was a special skill taught by the Instructional School.
(My stamina seems to have recovered to some extent.)
Maintaining his posture lying in bed, Kamito confirmed his body's condition.
The woman had not questioned him for long, probably in consideration of his exhausted stamina. Once she found out he had woken up already, surely she was going to resume the questioning.
(...But the situation seems even trickier than imagined.)
Through that woman's questioning, Kamito was able to understand the current situation to some extent.
Areishia Spirit Academy—This was the organization where the Empire trained elite elementalists. From the way it looked, he was being imprisoned here and suffering from severe memory loss as well.
Indeed, he had forgotten everything about why he was here.
(Infiltrating this facility on a mission and fighting elementalists, then losing my memory due to physical trauma to the brain or mental manipulation—Probably something like that.)
Calmly reaching a conclusion, his thinking proceeded to the next step.
In order to prevent the organization's existence from being exposed, the Instructional School's assassins were ordered to commit suicide as soon as possible if they became captives.
The organization's orders were absolute. Well-trained assassins did not cling needlessly to life.
Even without tools, there were many methods to commit suicide. Even without deadly poison buried in a tooth, it was possible to end one's life in short time.
(But—)
After all, suicide was only limited to situations when one was rendered a captive.
Currently, Kamito's state was—
(...It's hard to call myself a captive.)
Whether by physical or magical means, he was not restrained in any way. As frail as his body's condition may be, it posed no particular hindrance for an Instructional School's assassin.
(If they intended to render me helpless, they should at least apply a sealed barrier.)
Was the renowned lair of the Empire's elite elementalists nothing more than a mere educational institution?
(There are two guards outside—)
Lying in bed, Kamito counted the presences outside the door.
They were presumably able to use elemental waffen and experienced to a certain degree. In his current state of depleted stamina, without a weapon, fighting elementalists head on would be undoubtedly suicidal.
Then how about passing through here—Kamito lifted his upper torso and looked towards the window. Gathered below were a great number of uniformed girls, apparently making preparations for some kind of festival.
(...Oh well, at least it's better than jumping there.)
Kamito swiftly got up and quietly left the bed.
At this moment, he suddenly lost balance and almost fell over. Possibly due to his memory loss, perhaps he needed some time to refamiliarize himself with his senses.
(Somehow, this body feels a bit strange.)
He soon noticed the sense of dissonance but decided to put it aside for now.
Kamito drew in a quick breath then:
"—Release."
He muttered quietly.
Instantly, his entire body's senses became sharp and his mind became focused.
This was a skill to remove mental shackles through powerful self-suggestion, thereby allowing him to temporarily surpass the body's limits. Entering this state, an assassin would stop feeling fatigue and also become numb to pain to a certain extent.
Surpassing limits meant releasing the body's original safety mechanisms in the first place. A strong backlash would inevitably follow.
In this manner, without hiding his presence at all, Kamito walked to the door.
The two girls outside began to get nervous. He could sense them readying themselves.
"...The two of you over there, I'd like to ask you something."
Kamito deliberately used a barely audible voice to speak.
Hence, the two guards' presences moved close to the door.
"Say. I'd like to hear a bit about my situation."
"E-Ellis-sama has orders not to speak with you!"
"P-Please return to bed without a fuss."
Inexplicably, the replying voices sounded slightly timid.
"Oh no... I talked to the king of lust, what should I do..."
"D-Don't worry. A short exchange of words won't deprive you of your purity."
"A short... What if we talk too much?"
"I-In that case, I'm not too sure..."
Whispers came from outside the door.
As to what the content meant, although Kamito could not comprehend—
"—I see, I get it."
Hearing Kamito's reply, the two's presence relaxed somewhat.
Instantly, Kamito aimed a palm strike at the door.
"...Ooph...!"
A brief moan was heard, quickly followed by the sound of the girls collapsing to the ground.
Destructive Impact—An assassination technique performed by wrapping a fist in divine power and releasing a shockwave to pass through objects.
Next he broke the locked door and pushed it open.
The girls by the door had fainted, having suffered concussions.
"Th-This is not stealing a march... A-Absolutely not stealing a march..."
Ellis murmured to herself while walking along the Academy's long hallways.
Carried in her hand was a small pot. After parting ways with Claire and the others, Ellis had returned to her room, warmed up the porridge she had made in the morning and taken it out.
Made with quite a few medicinal plants, this special seven-herb porridge was not only easy to digest but also very nutritious.
As food, it was quite appropriate for Kamito who had just woken up.
"Th-This comes purely out of my responsibilities as captain of the Sylphid Knights, I am just visiting a fellow member of the Knights. Simorgh, you agree, right?"
Hearing its master's question, the demon bird standing on Ellis's shoulder cooed.
Ellis nodded with satisfaction and gave a piece of dried meat to her contracted spirit with the horrifying appearance.
"Yes, indeed indeed. When initially recovering from illness, eating easily digested porridge is the best. However, I accidentally warmed it up too much, s-so it is now necessary for me to blow on it to cool it. Th-Then, umm, a-ah..."
Looking up, Ellis entered a delusion.
'Kamito, h-how is my porridge?'
After blowing on it, Ellis sent the spoon into Kamito's mouth.
But after swallowing the porridge, Kamito went:
'—So-so. Not salty enough.'
That was his criticism.
'...~I-I see. My apologies. I will pay more attention next time...'
'No, this is fine.'
Kamito lightly placed his hand on the disheartened Ellis's shoulder.
'...Ah, w-what are you doing, Kamito... Kyah~♪'
Lick. Suddenly, she felt her neck being licked gently.
'Now, this saltiness is just right.'
Lick. Lick lick. Lick.
'Hyah... Oh no, Kamito... I-If you like that spot...'
'Where has all your strength gone now, straitlaced captain?'
Lick. Lick lick lick.
'...N-No... Mmm... This intensity, no good, a-ahhhh!'
...His personality vastly modified, Kamito violently pushed her down.
Then, then, then—
...Peck. Peck peck.
Suddenly, she felt her neck being pecked by a sharp beak.
Walking while plunging into a delusion, Ellis suddenly regained her senses.
(...W-What am I thinking about!?)
Cough cough, Ellis coughed and straightened her posture.
(Clearly Kamito lost his memory due to encountering a painful experience—)
Shaking her head repeatedly, she soon recovered a stern and dignified face as befitted the captain of the knights.
Taking a turn in the corridor—
"...Wha!?"
Ellis could not help but find herself speechless.
In front of Kamito's room, two girls lay collapsed on the floor.
They were the members of the Sylphid Knights in charge of monitoring him.
"A-Are you okay!?"
Ellis placed her pot on the floor then frantically ran over to the two girls' side.
...They were still breathing. No external injuries visible, they probably only lost consciousness.
"...Attacked by a mass of divine energy at close range huh."
Upon hearing these whispers, one of the girls woke up.
"...Ugh... Captain..."
"...Ruska**, what happened?"
"The king of lust... escaped..."
Ellis's face went livid.
It turned out she should have followed Greyworth's directions and quickly increased the number of knights on surveillance duty.
Kamito was not a man who would harm girls. Ellis knew this fact very well.
However, the amnesiac Kamito currently was a wild beast let loose among crowds of girls. The Demon King of the Night's basic instincts were thoroughly exposed, doing this to innocent young maidens—
"...Th-That type of thing is forbidden—Forbidden!"
Ellis stood up and yelled.
"I-In any case, Kamito must be captured as soon as possible—"
He must be captured before anything happened.
Apart from protecting the chastity of the Academy's girls, more importantly, it was for the sake of Kamito's reputation.
Ellis gathered wind spirits from the surroundings and issued orders to her companions in the Knights.
(...This is almost like the Instructional School's Cave Castle)
At this moment, having escaped his room, Kamito was roaming the buildings in his pajamas.
Perhaps due to having slept for a long period of time, he was still feeling a sense of dissonance about his body.
Since lessons were currently taking place throughout the entire school building, he did not encounter any students. The spirits he ran into along the hallways did not particularly pay any attention to him.
Prioritizing the comfort of spirits over humans, the Academy's architecture included crisscrossing staircases and hallways with many turns and forks.
Along the path ahead, there were spirits hovering lightly like spheres of light. One could easily mistake themselves as being lost in a fairy tale world.
The Instructional School, where Kamito was raised, also had a similar labyrinthine layout, but to his knowledge, its purpose was only for defense against external enemies.
(So I still remember inane stuff of that sort...)
Why was he here—He still could not recall this most important point.
(What clues are there—?)
Suddenly, a certain girl's face surfaced in Kamito's mind.
The girl who had hugged him while crying when Kamito woke up.
(...That girl seems to know me.)
What sort of deep relation did she share with Kamito before he lost his memory—
Kamito suppressed his presence at this moment and walked over to the window.
A large number of princess maidens had gathered at the front gates, preparing for a large-scale ritual.
Indeed, some grand festival was apparently being held in a few days.
(...Looks like I won't be able to escape through the front gates.)
Although the opponents were students lacking in combat experience, fighting this many elementalists with his bare hands would be far too rash. If the militarized spirit user, Muir Alenstarl, were here instead, perhaps breaking through by force would be possible—
Just as Kamito was thinking...
His stomach's rumblings echoed loudly in the corridor.
(...Crap...)
The Instructional School's assassins were trained such that it was possible for them to fight and undertake operations for multiple days even without food. Nevertheless, it was merely a possibility.
Furthermore, Kamito had been confined to bed for the past while and his body was probably sustained by nothing more than revitalizing magic from healers.
Currently relying on powerful self-suggestion, he was still able to move, but at this rate, he was going to collapse from hunger sooner or later.
(Why did I fail to notice something so elementary?)
This was the type of mistake he absolutely would not make normally.
Kamito could not deny that his amnesiac state was making him anxious.
(...Is there.. anything here?)
Thinking wishfully, he checked his pajamas pocket.
Of course, there was no food placed there so conveniently...
"...Kamito-kun?"
At this moment, a girl's voice was heard behind him.
"...!?"
Kamito looked back to see that several students had appeared from a door in the corridor.
Most striking of them was an especially beautiful maiden with gorgeous black hair and dusk-colored eyes. For some reason, the design of her uniform differed from the other girls.
"Kamito-kun, why are you here—"
In the middle of speaking, she suddenly covered her mouth.
"Umm... Could it be that you escaped?"
Instantly, Kamito suddenly kicked the ground and closed in on the girl.
Using the momentum, he covered her mouth and pushed her to the floor.
"Wait—Kamito-kun... Mmmmmmmph~!"
"—Quiet. Make a further sound and I'll kill you."
Kamito pinned the girl down and declared coldly.
"You too—"
Keeping that posture, Kamito glared at the girls who were peeking from the doorway. However—
"Kya, kyaaaaaaah!"
"The king of lust shows his true nature!"
"H-Help, anyone!"
The girls screamed while scattering in all directions to flee.
"Wha—"
Kamito was speechless.
It looked like pushing the black-haired girl down not only failed to serve as a threat but also backfired with the opposite effect.
(...It'd be a problem if they called in more comrades.)
In that case, he had to leave the scene as quickly as possible.
Kamito took his hand away from the lips of the pinned-down girl. At this moment—
"...~Good grief, as great as it is for you to take the initiative, but all things considered, doing this out in the open under public scrutiny, Kamito-kun, you're such a pervert..."
The girl complained, blushing to her ears.
"P-Pervert? ...W-What are you talking about?"
Faced with the unexpected accusation, Kamito felt quite awkward.
Kamito gazed at the girl's face again.
Gorgeous black hair. Eyes the color of dusk, seeming as though they would meld into the night.
An extremely beautiful girl who would leave a deep and lasting impression with but a single glance...
...Growl.
Suddenly, a noise broke any tension that could exist in the corridor.
...Still pinning the girl down, Kamito was taken aback.
"Uh... Kamito-kun, are you hungry?"
"None of your business."
Trying as hard as he could to conceal his wavering, Kamito replied calmly.
Hence, she smiled and reached towards her cleavage.
"...I made some snacks during the cooking practical, would you like some?"
She took out a small bag.
Kamito swallowed his saliva.
(A trap—I have to consider that possibility...)
Encountering this girl here was by chance.
There was no reason for a student at this prestigious academy to be carrying poisoned snacks.
It was probably a snack intended to be offered to spirits.
"Why?"
"Huh?"
"I'm a dangerous, escaped prisoner, right?"
"I can't leave you to suffer if you're hungry, Kamito-kun."
The girl gazed at Kamito with sincere eyes.
After a moment's hesitation—
"Found him, over there!"
"Carefully circle around to his back! You'll be taken captive as soon as you make eye contact!"
"We must rescue Fianna-sama!"
Armored knights were climbing up the stairs.
"...Sorry, I'll be taking this."
Kamito took the bag of snacks and ran down the corridor.
...Several minutes later.
"Gu... ah..."
Hiding in an empty classroom, Kamito collapsed in suffering alone.
After eating the cookie, a searing sensation of pain instantly rushed through his throat, paralyzing his entire body.
Clutching his belly, Kamito rolled on the floor, feeling like he was about to break out with fever.
(...Guh... It was poisoned after all?)
No wait, as an Instructional School's assassin, his body was already accustomed to poison. Ordinary poison should not have an effect. This was simply—
(...Unimaginably horrible in flavor!)
Trembling, Kamito came to this conclusion.
(...Offering this to spirits? Or perhaps, this is what spirits prefer?)
Kamito pondered over and over again. However, now was not the time to be thinking about such matters.
"Capture the beast of lust!" "Underwear! Use underwear to lure him out!"
A patter of footsteps arrived at the corridor in front of the empty classroom.
Things would be over if they found him.
Kamito was unable to fight in his current state.
(...Speaking of which, why are they calling me a beast of lust?)
Before losing his memory, what had he done in this Academy—?
"He should be nearby!" "Search the empty classroom!"
Intense footsteps were approaching.
(...No other choice.)
Looking outside, there seemed to be no one in the yard behind the school building.
Kamito took off his pajama top, tore it up, tied knots and made an impromptu rope.
Although baring his upper torso made him look even more suspicious, he decided to ignore that for now.
Tying one end of the fabric to a large table, he escaped outside through a window.
Using the knotted cloth, Kamito swiftly slid down the school building's outer wall. Although the fabric was not long enough to reach the bottom, jumping from that height should not result in a twisted ankle given his body's abilities.
Just as he successfully descended one floor—
Woof, woof!
Barking was heard from somewhere.
(...A dog?)
Turning to look in the direction of the barks—
Kamito found a large white dog amidst the bushes opposite the school building.
(...No, that's not right, it's not a dog!)
A direwolf—a high-level spirit in beast form.
The wolf with white fur suddenly pounced as soon as it caught sight of Kamito.
"Woah!"
Kamito almost lost grip of the cloth.
The wolf's sharp claws missed him by a mere inch.
Woof woof!
The direwolf spirit did not look hostile, but was simply acting playful with Kamito.
(Do spirits show intimacy with anyone apart from their contractor?)
...Impossible. At least, Kamito had never heard of any similar cases—
"...Fenrir, what's the matter?"
At this moment, a window of a classroom below opened and a girl looked out.
A young lady with dazzling platinum-blonde hair and beautiful eyes of emerald.
Her eyebrows lifted with surprise as she looked up. Then—
"Kyaaaaaaaaaaah!"
She screamed shrilly.
This was hardly surprising. After all, a half-naked man was currently scaling down the wall.
"Rinslet-san, what's the matter?"
"As the daughter of the prestigious Laurenfrost family, screaming like that is truly... Kyah!"
Girls' faces popped out of the classroom's windows one after another. Furthermore, apparently in the process of changing for a purification ritual, they were all in their underwear.
"D-Don't look!"
"It's a misunder—"
Kamito frantically tried to deny.
"Shut up, this pervert!"
But before he could do so, the light from a girl's spirit magic burned through the cloth Kamito was holding onto.
"...!"
Falling on the ground, Kamito's whole body still suffered the painful impact despite performing a break-fall.
"...Ahhh, K-Kamito-san!?"
The platinum blonde hurried over in worry.
The girls in the classroom also climbed out the window one after another.
A number of them were wielding elemental waffen.
"Guh..."
...He had to escape. He could not allow himself to be caught here.
"A-Are you okay?"
The beauty in her underwear was examining Kamito's eyes.
Kamito grabbed her arms and swiftly twisted, pinning them behind her back.
"...Yahhh... W-What are you doing!?"
"Be quiet, girl."
"...Hyau... Kamito-san, whispering like this, ahuu..."
After he whispered by her ear, the girl gradually lost strength.
As expected, the students of the Academy had no endurance against males.
"Damn you, cowardly villain!" "You dare to take a hostage! You're the worst!" "T-To think I was starting to revise my impression of you!"
Dressed in their underwear, the girls stopped running and surrounded Kamito.
The direwolf spirit was also circling in the surroundings, looking troubled.
(...Okay, what should I do?)
He was going to use this girl as a hostage to make his escape—
Suddenly, a violent gale blew overhead.
"...!?"
Kamito looked up—
"K-Kamito... W-What on earth are you doing!?"
Wielding a spear of gales, a girl jumped down from a second floor window.
The young female knight landed lightly, her ponytail swaying.
"Captain..."
The blonde lady with her arms pinned behind her back spoke quietly.
...This ponytailed girl was apparently the leader of the knights.
Her dark-brown eyes glared at Kamito.
"...Hmph, seriously, even with amnesia, y-you are still behaving as the Demon King of the Night!"
"...Demon King of the Night?"
The unfamiliar term made Kamito repeat it as a question. The old people of the Instructional School did indeed call Kamito the Demon King's successor—
(Are the two titles connected somehow?)
The young female knight readied her spear, enveloped in gales.
"Kamito, I have no intention of harming you. Although I understand that you feel ill at ease due to your amnesia, I still hope you could release Rinslet and return to your room obediently."
"That's not gonna fly."
Kamito gripped harder on the hostage's arms.
"...Ah, K-Kamito-san, so perverted...!"
"If you want to catch me, try me, okay?"
Kamito tried to taunt his opponent and make her falter—
"...Then it cannot be helped!"
The captain swung her spear horizontally.
A roaring airmass shot out from the spear's tip.
"...!?"
Kamito pushed Rinslet aside and jumped sideways.
The raging wind dug up a large hole where the two were originally standing.
(...She intended to get the hostage caught up as collateral damage!?)
This attack exceeded Kamito's expectations.
"How displeasing, Captain, you are being too reckless!"
"My apologies. But even if it really struck you, there is still Fenrir's protection."
"Th-That's true but still..."
Unconcerned with the complaining girl, the captain shot out a raging gust of wind.
A directional blast of wind pressure. Being struck would not be fatal, but in his current state, Kamito would definitely lose the ability to fight after getting hit by this attack.
At the same time, she charged.
The spear tip, enveloped in gales, brushed past Kamito's body.
(...So strong. She's far above the other students.)
While rolling on the ground, Kamito calmly analyzed. Her spear technique and speed were quite excellent. Probably a wind elementalist, she was skilled in combining wind magic with her own martial arts.
—On the other hand, Kamito's body was far from peak condition. Taken together with the damage from the cookie he ate and the sense of dissonance he could not dispel, his movements were quite sluggish.
"Kamito, give yourself up!"
Kamito barely managed to dodge the spear's downward swing.
"Good skills. Female knight, your name?"
"...!"
In that instant, her stern and dignified eyes filled up with great teardrops.
(...Huh?)
"You really forgot—"
The girl made a lonely expression and bit her lip tightly.
"I am the Fahrengart family's second daughter—Ellis Fahrengart."
"...Fahrengart family?"
Kamito had heard the name before.
He remembered it was the name of renowned military family that was in charge of the Ordesia Empire's military affairs.
Ellis raised her spear high—
"I am your fiancée!"
"—Huh?"
The shocking words caused Kamito's movements to stop for an instant.
Wrapped in fierce winds, the spear swung down overhead mercilessly.
(Crap...!)
Evasion was too late. Kamito hastily crossed his arms and entered a defensive pose.
Although he knew deep down that this level of defense was pointless in the face of elemental waffen—
Clang—!
Just as his arms crossed, he felt a sharp pain on the back of his right hand.
(...Whaaaaat...!?)
Ellis's dark-brown eyes widened greatly.
The instant the elemental waffe's blade was blocked...
Bright light erupted and swept away everything in the surroundings.
"...Ugh...!"
Feeling intense pain all over, Kamito could not help but groan painfully.
He lay collapsed in the bushes some distance away from the back of the school building.
(What the heck happened...)
Scolding his hazy consciousness, he was just about to stand up when—
Something grabbed the back of his collar.
"...Uwah!?"
In that manner, he was forcibly dragged into the bushes.
In the bushes was the red-haired beauty from before.
"Y-You..."
"Quiet. Or you want to be discovered?"
The girl stopped him by pressing a finger against his lips.
The soft sensation of her finger caused Kamito's heart rate to speed up.
"The pervert has escaped!" "He must be captured at all costs!" "Find him, find him!"
A crowd of armed girls passed by the bushes.
"...Sheesh. When I caught sight of you in the classroom, I was thinking something happened—"
The girl sighed and glared at Kamito.
"If you get found now, you'll be drawn and quartered by the girls."
"...I can see that."
Cold sweat flowed down Kamito's forehead.
Many spirits flew back and forth in the surroundings in search of Kamito.
Escaping from the Academy peacefully was virtually impossible now.
"What happened? It seemed like there was a sudden explosion."
"Who knows—"
Kamito looked at his right hand.
Suddenly, a complicated design appeared on the back of his hand.
"...W-What is this!?"
"That's a spirit seal. Proof of the bond between you and your contracted spirit."
The girl told Kamito with a serious expression.
"Spirit seal? How did I enter into a spirit contract—"
Throb—!
A sudden pang of intense pain was instantly produced in his brain.
"...Tsk... Ooh... Guh...!"
Kamito could not help but clutch his head and groan.
"...You were probably about to summon Est unconsciously."
"Es...t...?"
Throb, throb, throb—
"...You know something about this seal?"
"Yes."
The girl nodded.
"Anyway, come to my room. I'll tell you as much as possible about your memories. After all, it's best if you hid for a while until the commotion subsides."
"Guh..."
Recalling the group of armed girls, Kamito covered his mouth.
(Clues about my lost memories huh...)
At least, this girl did not seem like she intended to hand him over to the knights—
Kamito hesitated for a moment, then...
...Growl.
His stomach rumbled loudly.
...Speaking of which, ever since waking up, I haven't eaten anything except for that deadly cookie.
"...Umm, I'll prepare snacks as well."
Hearing her suggestion—
Kamito was completely swayed this time.

—The scene enacted there was hell on earth.
"Please stop, royal sister! You must not advance any further!"
Scorpia—According to legends, the demon scorpion palace used to be Demon King Solomon's residence. It was now being assaulted by hundreds and thousands of demon spirits.
Fighting alone inside a bloodstained hall was the Alphas Theocracy's second princess and general of the hierarch's royal guard, Saladia Kahn.
Waist-length blue hair. Amber eyes infused with intense light.
However, heavy despair filled the face of this young girl who had only reached sixteen this year.
She was holding in her hand a grimoire.
Alf Laylah Wa-Laylah—the elemental waffe for summoning countless spirits.
"Oh my, you're looking energetic, my dear Saladia—"
The witch's lips were distorted in a grin of mockery.
She knew that her twin younger sister was bluffing.
—Several hours earlier, the eldest princess, Sjora Kahn, had suddenly led two hundred cult troops and taken over Scorpia. The soldiers guarding the royal palace were crushed helplessly by the onslaught of the demon spirits. The militarized spirits controlled by elementalists were devoured completely before they could bring out any of their true worth.
The Theocracy's royal guard were no pushovers. Led by Saladia Kahn, these elementalists guarding the palace were all experts who could each take on a thousand.
However, they were all defeated in quick succession before they could even release their elemental waffen.
The summoned contracted spirits were all in disarray, baring their fangs at their own contractors.
Similarly, the countless spirits summoned by Saladia Kahn started slaughtering one another.
While this hellish scene repeated nonstop in the center of the great hall, the witch walked leisurely.
"Fu, fufu, fu..."
"...Tsk... Oooh, ooh..."
Further ahead from the hall was the throne. Naturally, Saladia could not allow the witch to advance any further—
But with knees trembling, she was rooted to the spot. The witch's serpentine eyes pinned her down.
(...That's not my elder sister Sjora. It's a monster that will devour the nation!)
With a trembling hand, Saladia drew the scimitar from her waist.
"Ah... O-Ooh... Ahhhhhhhhhhhh!"
With a mighty yell, she charged at the witch.
"Oh dear, you really seek death that much?"
The witch jeered.
She dodged the blade lightly and punched Saladia in the gut.
"Kahah—"
"Ahh... Guh... Ooh...!"
The Theocracy's princess general moaned and spat out blood.
At the same time, Sjora picked up the scimitar—
"Foolish sister. Despite the fact that you have never wielded a sword before."
"...Guh... Go ahead, kill me—"
The amber eyes were filled with hatred as the girl glared at her elder sister.
"Fufu, of course I won't kill you so easily. Because you are still useful."
The witch stepped over Saladia, collapsed in a pool of blood, and continued towards the throne.
Then—
"—I have returned. Hierarch."
She pointed the scimitar at the old man on the royal throne.
"...Have you gone mad? Cursed woman."
Next, a hoarse voice echoed in the great hall.
"A snake's child is ultimately a snake. Letting you live was evidently my greatest blunder."
Dressed in a crimson robe, the old man spoke with bitterness in his voice.
The Alphas Theocracy's current hierarch—Rajihal Kahn.
Despite having passed the age of eighty, the old king's gaze still had not lost its sharpness.
He was the tough warrior who survived the two Ranbal Wars despite the Theocracy's location, surrounded by the Ordesia Empire, Dracunia and other powerful countries.
Bloody conflicts between clan members were nothing rare. Nevertheless, he had crushed countless enemies along his path, stepping over numerous corpses, remaining in power to rule this Theocracy in spite of its political instability.
But right now, the witch was pointing a murderous blade at his throat.
"—You have no right to sit on that throne."
"And you do? Cursed snake woman—"
"Fufu—"
Sjora laughed in mockery and swung the scimitar horizontally.
Throat slashed, the old man fell from the throne as a corpse.
"—Hierarch!"
Saladia screamed mournfully.
"—This throne was mine in the first place."
Sitting down on the bloodstained throne, the witch snapped her fingers.
Immediately, powerful cult troops entered from the great hall's open door.
"Find the surviving royals and throw them in prison. Kill anyone who resists, I don't care. Oh, but don't kill any princess maidens, or the princess general fallen over there. Accomplished elementalists still have value for certain uses."
"...Doing this, royal sister, what are you planning!?"
Collapsed in a pool of blood, Saladia yelled.
"Ahhh?"
"The continent's various nations will condemn this coup d'etat. Royal sister, you have provided the wolves with a perfect pretext to invade the Theocracy!"
Suspected of connections to the Demon King cult, the Alphas Theocracy was frequently decried by neighboring countries. In spite of that, it had successfully remained free from large scale invasions owing to the diplomatic prowess of Rajihal Kahn—the hierarch who was now lying dead before the throne.
"Pretext huh—"
Sjora Kahn scoffed.
"I am the one looking for a pretext. I want to ignite the fires of war on this continent."
"Wha... Why, why are you doing that—"
"Kukuku, need I spell it out? It is the Demon King's mission!"
"..."
The clear-cut voice rendered Saladia Kahn speechless.
"Royal sister... You, what on earth..."
Muttering in shock, the second princess was arrested by the cult troops.
After the cult troops were dismissed, in the king's room where there was no one else—
"—Congratulations, newest Hierarch. How splendid."
Suddenly, a figure appeared from the darkness.
Making an appearance was a cute young girl, roughly twelve or thirteen in age.
Blonde hair of dazzling golden luster. Violet eye color carrying an air of mystery. However, it was a lone eye—the left eye was covered by a simple eye patch.
The girl was wearing sacred vestments of pure white resembling what was worn by priests serving the Holy Lord.
The Holy Kingdom of Lugia's Cardinal—Millennia Sanctus.
Several months earlier, she had been sent to as a diplomat to the Theocracy to make contact with the Demon King cult within its borders.
Through her, the Demon King cult had obtained financial support from the Holy Kingdom.
"Personally, I am utterly disappointed. To think that the residence of the Demon King who once shook the continent would fall so easily—"
"Without being able to use spirits, even the royal guard is nothing."
The girl reached to the eye patch on her left then exposed her left eye.
Inside the clear, violet eye, horrifying darkness was squirming restlessly.
"Hey, that is—"
Witnessing the sight, Sjora gasped and whispered.
"Residing within you is that darkness not of this world huh."
—Indeed. What made the royal guard and Saladia's spirits go mad was this girl's eye.
The demon eye of pitch black, causing everything within its sight to go insane.
Madness brought forth ever more madness, filling the entire palace within the blink of an eye.
"True darkness that caused the Elemental Lords to go mad. Bathed in such darkness, the only ones capable of remaining unaffected are demon spirit minions that are mad to begin with—"
Smiling in this manner, perhaps this girl was the maddest one of all—
Sjora commented sardonically in her mind.
(—The cardinal sent by the Holy Kingdom huh.)
This girl was definitely not acting alone. Most likely, she was backed by the Holy Kingdom's highest decision-making agency, Des Esseintes.
"The reward you seek—No, the Holy Kingdom's reward are militarized spirits, right?"
"—Yes. The Theocracy's strategic-class militarized spirits, seven of them, more or less."
"—Seven huh. Certainly no lack of greed there."
Seven strategic-class militarized spirits. Military force capable of annihilating within a single night a city where spirit knights were stationed. Furthermore, using militarized spirits required gathering sufficient numbers of elementalists.
"Elementalists are not needed. Furthermore, new Hierarch, you must have confiscated all the militarized spirits gathered by Rubia Elstein, haven't you?"
"Hmph, your investigations are quite thorough..."
Rubia Elstein had sent combatants originating from the now-defunct Instructional School, such as Jio Inzagi, to various ruins in an attempt to build up her own personal army.
However, Rubia's ally, the Demon King cult had betrayed her and taken possession of the militarized spirits and the Instructional School's assassins.
"A number of them were broken by Muir Alenstarl's use, but even so, Rubia Elstein should still have a number of militarized spirits, right?"
"What is your goal? The Holy Kingdom's dog?"
Sjora stared down sharply at the young girl.
The darkness residing in Millennia Sanctus's eye wavered slightly.
"Hierarch-sama, are you aware that the Burial Chamber has manifested underground at Areishia Spirit Academy?"
"Who do you take me for?"
The Burial Chamber—a treasure vault bestowed to eligible Demon Kings.
A special dimension where the Demon King's weapons and the seventy-two spirits under his command were sealed.
Manifesting in the world upon the Demon King's awakening to confer upon him the power to rule the world.
"Excuse my impudence. Then the same goes for the matter of the Demon Slayer being sealed in the Burial Chamber?"
"...Apparently so."
Sjora nodded bitterly.
Originally not the Demon King's possession, now that the Demon Slayer was kept in the Burial Chamber, this meant that the burial chamber had recognized Kazehaya Kamito as the legitimate Demon King.
(...As much as it infuriates me, there is nothing I can do about it for now.)
Currently, he was nothing more than a mass of obstructing thoughts possessing Sjora Kahn's body.
Although an eligible Demon King candidate carrying Darkness Elemental Lord Ren Ashdoll's power, the power conferred was only comparable to that of the Demon King failure, Nepenthes Lore. As the top Demon King candidate, it was perfectly logical for Kazehaya Kamito to be chosen.
As for the Demon Slayer becoming the Demon King's personal sword, that was quite ironic—
"—My lord seeks the Demon Slayer."
"Hmph, what does the Grand Master of Des Esseintes want with that thing?"
"None of your business. Hierarch-sama."
Millennia smiled... Apparently with no intention of answering.
"Hmph, so be it. But then, how should one steal that sword spirit? It is the highest level sword spirit after all, despite its incomplete state. Even my Bandersnatch cannot steal it."
"—A fair enough point. Assuming normal conditions."
"Huh?"
"Kazehaya Kamito is currently in a state of amnesia. In other words, his connection to the sword spirit is suspended."
"—I see."
If Kamito was unable to make the sword spirit manifest, then there was the possibility of stealing the sacred sword's physical form that had materialized in the Burial Chamber. However—
"The Burial Chamber manifested underground at Areishia. Its surroundings are covered by the unassailable spirit forest, with defensive barriers of the highest class and guardian spirits. The town at the foot of the mountain is also garrisoned by a standard Ordesian army. Even using seven militarized spirits, that stronghold cannot possibly be conquered."
"Worry not. Even the most secure stronghold will be fragile in the face of an attack launched from within. The eye of Des Esseintes is omnipresent."
Millennia Sanctus licked her lips and smiled with a chuckle.

"...The Instructional School... destroyed?"
In Claire's room in the Raven Class dorms—
Listening to her, Kamito was muttering in shock.
The bed could be heard compressing where he was sitting.
"No way... That kind of thing..."
"—It's true."
However, Claire shook her head candidly.
According to her—
Four years ago, the Instructional School was destroyed due to a certain sealed spirit running amok. All the instructors were killed by spirits while the majority of orphans went into the Empire's custody.
After that, the facility was utterly destroyed by the Empire's knights and wiped off the map completely.
Literally, it became a place that no longer existed on the map.
...Unbelievable. Suddenly informed of this, Kamito found it utterly impossible to believe.
However—
(...She knows of the Instructional School's existence.)
That was absolutely impossible originally.
The Instructional School's existence was absolutely kept hidden from the outside world.
Even for the children of nobles, this was not information a mere student would be able to obtain.
Furthermore—
"This is proof—"
Saying that, Claire dumped a stack of materials on the table.
"These were taken from the library's materials room. Although I wasn't able to take out the most important secret documents, these should be enough."
"..."
Kamito read the materials ravenously.
He had no lack of doubts regarding the possibility that he had fallen into an elaborately disguised trap.
However, the large amount of information corroborated the veracity of her words.
These documents were real. They recorded information that only internal personnel would know—logs of combat operations and the names of the associated combatants.
(...To think that this type of document would be kept somewhere so easily within a student's reach.)
—Apart from that, the date was even more shocking.
(...This really happened four years ago.)
Currently, Kamito's remaining memories roughly covered from age five to twelve.
All memories dating before that period had been thoroughly wiped. Those that came after were also gone.
He already knew the fact of his amnesia. But even though he knew in his heart—
He never expected his last memory to be four years ago.
"I know you're confused but this is reality. See—"
Claire pointed at Kamito.
"Your body has grown in height."
"...Eh?"
Only after it was pointed out did he realize.
So that was why there was strange sense of dissonance ever since he woke up.
It felt like he could not move his body freely.
After realizing this fact, it felt quite incredible.
...He finally understood the reason behind it.
(...That's right, I've grown.)
His physique differed from what he remembered.
This was the physique of a fifteen or sixteen-year-old boy.
"I..."
In shock, Kamito looked down at his hands and feet.
Watching Kamito with eyes of pity, Claire spoke up:
"—Anyway, let me tell you what happened in these four years."
While cautiously choosing her words—
Claire recounted Kamito's experiences to this date.
After the Instructional School was destroyed, wandering all over the place without anywhere he belonged to, Kamito was taken in by the Dusk Witch and enrolled into this Academy as the continent's one and only male elementalist. Then as a member of Team Scarlet, he had participated in the Blade Dance.
"...I entered the Blade Dance?"
Kamito muttered with an expression of disbelief.
It was the continent's biggest festival that was only held every few years or decades.
For an Instructional School's combatant living in the dark side, it was a completely foreign world.
"Undoubtedly. Thanks to you, Kamito, we obtained victory. However—"
During the Blade Dance's finale, Kamito was injured when engaging the Strongest Blade Dancer Ren Ashbell in blade dance, suffering damage to his memory.
"So that means that this contracted spirit also, at the time—"
Kamito's gaze fell upon his right hand.
Branded on the back of the hand was the spirit seal belonging to the sword spirit he had contracted in the underground cavern at this school.
The facility's instructors absolutely forbade Kamito from forming spirit contracts.
When the time is ripe, we'll give you the strongest spirit—That was what they had promised.
(The strongest spirit huh...)
Throb—
His head began to hurt again.
...Again. Again when thinking about spirits—
"Kamito, are you okay?"
"Yeah... Just a headache..."
Claire asked with worry at the sight of Kamito holding his temples.
"Maybe I said too much at once. Or perhaps when you tried to recall your memories, it caused a rejection reaction."
At this moment, she saw the seal on Kamito's hand.
"Eh?"
Claire showed a surprised expression.
"No way, this..."
"What's the problem?"
"No, nothing, nothing at all..."
Claire shook her head in denial.
(...What is she hiding?)
Although a bit concerned, Kamito did not press the matter much.
"Can this contracted spirit be summoned?"
Instead, he asked something else.
Having lost his memory, Kamito did not know how to summon a spirit. However, if Claire were to teach him, he might be able to recall the feeling and perform a successful summon.
"...Probably not. Est is currently in a materialized state and sealed underground at the Academy. Currently, we have to wait for the headmistress to authorize the unsealing."
"Why is the spirit underground?"
Unsummoned spirits were supposed to return to Astral Zero instead.
"That I'm not too sure about. But Est had been living in this place for the past few centuries. She's a special sealed spirit..."
"...Sealed spirit huh. So it's actually possible to contract with that kind of thing."
Spirits sealed in ancient artifacts had a tendency to be ill-tempered and would harm humans.
Unless overflowing with confidence, one would not make a move on them—
Kamito looked at the spirit seal on his right hand again.
Although the result was a runaway reaction—
(Sword spirit, do you really intend to protect me?)
At this moment, a meow was heard from within the room.
"...?"
Kamito turned his head to see a hell cat spirit in the kitchen heating a pot.
"Oh, the stew seems to be warmed up."
Claire stood up from the chair, her twintails swaying and hurried over to the kitchen.
Soon, she came back with a dish of stew.
...Kamito could smell a fragrant aroma. Beetroot stew with herbs scattered on top.
Kamito's throat gurgled.
"This is?"
"Borscht. A local dish from the Laurenfrost region. Rinslet... The girl who uses a wolf-shaped spirit taught me how to make it."
Kamito tried a mouthful of stew.
Thanks to the deadly cookie, Kamito was quite wary this time, however—
"......This is good."
Although the salt content seems to be wrong, it was good enough for an empty stomach.
"...!"
The twintails swayed happily.
"...Th-Thank goodness."
Then she breathed a sigh of relief.
"Actually, I was wondering if it would turn into charcoal."
"Ch-Charcoal?"
"Because until Nee-sama taught me how to use flames, I've never been able to control the intensity. All I knew was how to manipulate the power of flames to use for attack magic."
"Oh, so you have an older sister."
"Yes. Nee-sama was also saved by you, Kamito."
"...Sorry, I don't remember."
Kamito quietly put down the spoon.
"...Claire Rouge. What should I do next?"
He had no idea when his memory would recover.
Right now, all Kamito knew were the combat skills he had mastered at that facility.
What should his goal be next, to be honest, he had absolutely no idea.
"Life here isn't bad at all. Before your memory recovers, just relax and recuperate for now."
"...So, how is Kamito-san's condition?"
With hair tied up, Rinslet asked with worry.
Late that night, Claire and the girls had gathered at the large communal bath to discuss how to proceed.
Due to how late it was, the bath was essentially monopolized by them.
On the other side of the steam, Fenrir was swimming leisurely.
"He's currently sleeping in my room, looking quite exhausted. I don't think he'll escape again."
"To think he even forgot Est..."
As Fianna sighed, her bosom quivered while floating on the water surface.
"Probably, the greater one's place in his heart, the greater the power causing memories to be forgotten. Otherwise, his mind would break..."
"Speaking of which, how did this morning's commotion end?"
Rinslet turned to Ellis and asked.
"The Knights have handled it appropriately. Actually, the incident should have been taken care of before a commotion happened. In the end, it became a huge mess."
Ellis murmured with a depressed look.
"...I-I might be hated by Kamito now."
"I did try to explain the truth of the incident. I don't think you need to worry."
It was possible that Kamito might not have a good impression of Ellis and the Sylphid Knights who were trying to capture him.
"U-Umm..."
Rinslet spoke up again.
"What?"
"I knew it, at this rate—this kind of thing, cannot be possible, right?"
...Hearing this, everyone fell silent.
They were probably all thinking the same thing.
(His memory must be recovered, I know this very well in my heart. But—)
If his amnesia persisted, perhaps Kamito could forget everything and live a peaceful life at the Academy.
"...That would require Kamito-kun's own decision."
Fianna murmured.
"No matter what..."
In any case, Claire coughed once.
"...All along, it was always Kamito who protected us."
She stood up from the bath and clenched her fist.
"Therefore, this time it's our turn to protect Kamito."
"Yes." "That's right." "Indeed!"
Everyone nodded vigorously.
...Yes, when a friend was in need, everyone would pitch in to help.
Like when all members of Team Scarlet fought victoriously throughout the Blade Dance.
However, one thing bothered Claire.
Just now, when she saw the seal on Kamito's right hand...
(That spirit seal, why...)
Instead of Terminus Est's emblem with the two intersecting swords—
Never seen before, the seal's emblem consisted of a sword and a moon intersecting.
"—Thus concludes the report on Kamito, Headmistress."
In the headmistress' office where moonlight was streaming in—
Greyworth was listening to the report from Freya the teacher.
This was about Kamito's escape commotion that morning. Despite running low on stamina, he had unexpectedly sprang into action as soon as he woke up.
Thanks to that, there were even rumors of him peeking at girls changing.
"...What a lad who only causes trouble."
"Indeed that is so."
Facing the wryly smiling Greyworth, Freya sighed.
"Rumors of the king of lust's revival have already spread throughout the Academy. Not limited to the young ladies in his team, he even intends to devour all the girls in the Academy, seriously..."
"That would be troubling. Girls who have lost their purity are no longer fit to be elementalists."
"If that were to happen, this Academy would be ruined as a school."
Freya nodded without any change in expression.
(...Oh well, but through this, one thing is made clear.)
Greyworth shifted her sitting posture.
Unexpectedly—
Kamito did not cause any direct injuries to the Academy's girls.
Take for example, the two members of the Knights who collapsed in front of Kamito's room.
When Ellis discovered them, although they had lost consciousness, this was due to the phenomenon of divine power intoxication from being struck by a large amount of divine power. Physically, they had not suffered any harm at all.
Also, when discovered by the students, he had not taken combat measures.
An Instructional School's assassin would have murdered them without hesitation. Had Kamito tried to escape at all costs, by any means necessary, that could very well have happened.
(...The lad is subconsciously taking care not to harm students.)
Even having lost memories about Restia, the human heart she had conferred to him was not lost—Was that the case here?
(...Hmph, enviable darkness spirit.)
"Headmistress?"
"Ahhh, sorry. So, how's the lad?"
"Sleeping in Claire Rouge's room. Let's hope nothing wrong comes out of it."
"...Hmph, if only the lad had the talent to do wrong. Oh well, whatever. Just leave things to those girls for now."
Greyworth smiled wryly but her smile quickly vanished.
"—So, how about that Demon Slayer's situation?"
"Yes, just as you predicted, Headmistress, when the reconnaissance team attempted spirit vision, they observed a dimensional disturbance that was not supposed to exist in the underground cavern."
"...I see. As expected."
"Headmistress, what exactly is that dimension...?"
"The Burial Chamber—"
Greyworth whispered.
"...?"
"—Granted to the Demon King's legitimate successor, a legendary treasure vault."

...Nibble.
"Hmm... Mmm..."
...Nibble nibble.
"...?"
Feeling a numb sensation on his fingertip, Kamito woke up.
"...What's happening?"
Rubbing his sleepy eyes, he lifted the blanket, only to see...
A cat in his bed under the covers.
A flaming hell cat. Claire Rouge's spirit.
It was biting Kamito's finger lightly.
"What are you doing?"
Just as he asked with a frown, the hell cat leaned its body against him in an intimate manner.
Carrying flames of divine power, it felt very warm.
"...Could it be that you're warming my bed?"
"Meow..."
The hell cat spirit seemed to be meowing affirmatively. It kept licking Kamito's fingers.
"..."
Contracted spirits did not get affectionate with anyone apart from their own contractors.
This common sense knowledge was overturned a second time.
(Other people's contracted spirits are acting affectionately with me huh...)
What kind of person was he before losing his memory—
"...~S-Scarlet, what are you doing!?"
Suddenly, the bathroom door opened and Claire appeared in her uniform.
The hell cat spirit jumped down from bed and frantically ran over.
"...Seriously, Scarlet, you like playing pranks too much."
Rubbing her wet hair, Claire approached.
"...No, the spirit only seemed to be helping to warm me up."
"Eh?"
Wavering signs appeared on Claire's face.
"...~Th-That child, when did she start getting so affectionate..."
"Who knows..."
Scratching his head, Kamito took his time getting up.
...Sleeping for who knows how long after that. The morning sun's rays streamed into the room.
"After a night's sleep, is your mind awake now?"
"...I guess."
But the blank in his memories remained.
"Next, there's class. Come along as well, Kamito."
"...Class?"
"How do you remember this kind of path?"
"You get used to it very quickly if you walk along it every day."
Her twintails swaying, Claire answered without looking back.
Changed into the Academy's uniform, Kamito was walking in a long hallway following after Claire.
Claire had effortlessly passed through the place where Kamito had gotten lost yesterday.
"Today's class is continental history. Compared to spirit studies, I guess it's a class you're relatively good at."
"Yeah. I have been taught continental history to a certain extent."
The Instructional School's assassins did not need to learn nonessential knowledge.
However, knowledge necessary for infiltration missions were taught after all.
"...That said, the stuff I know are just on the level of common sense."
At this moment, Claire stopped walking and looked back.
"Speaking of which, could you stop using boku as a first person pronoun?"[1]
"...What do you mean?"
"Kamito, you've always been using ore to refer to yourself."
"I see."
"Yeah. It'll be troublesome if other people noticed, so you'd better change it back."
Kamito's memory loss was apparently kept a secret from the Academy's students.
Suddenly changing first person pronouns could raise suspicions in the other students.
"Got it. I'll start using ore to refer to myself."
Despite finding the use of an unfamiliar term of self-address a bit troubling, Kamito still nodded.
After walking a while, they reached a large classroom.
As soon as they opened the door, all the students sitting at their seats looked at Kamito together.
Most of the gazes expressed puzzlement. Signs of curiosity and wariness were also obvious to see.
Among them, there were quite a few enthusiastic gazes mixed in.
"It's Kamito the king of lust." "I heard that he holds blade dance of the night every night." "Is it really true that he calls himself the Sex Elemental Lord?" "Oh no, that's blasphemy to the great elemental lords." "A girl from Fox Class was apparently accosted and asked, allow me to become your contracted sex spirit." "What, that's deplorable!"
Kamito was able to hear these whispers.
(B-Before losing my memory, how much of a fiend was I?)
Suddenly, the lectern was tapped loudly.
"Private talk is not allowed. Kazehaya Kamito and Claire Rouge, hurry and sit down."
As the teacher in the suit gave a shout, the whispering voices gradually subsided.
Together with Claire, Kamito frantically took a seat in the last row.
"She's the homeroom teacher, Freya. A shadow elementalist."
Claire whispered quietly.
"Kamito-san, are you okay already?"
A greeting came from behind. Hearing it, he turned his head back...
Only to see the platinum-blonde young lady whom he had taken hostage yesterday.
...He recalled her name to be Rinslet.
"...Yeah. Uh, sorry about yesterday."
"No, don't mind that, it could not be helped. We are the ones who ought to apologize for chasing you relentlessly."
Rinslet bowed her head deeply and apologized.
Kamito had expected her to be an arrogant and spoilt young lady but she turned out to be surprisingly upfront and gentle.
"Before your memory recovers, we will assist you. Please don't be shy. O-Of course, perverted things excepted!"
"...? Y-Yeah, got it."
Faced with the blushing young lady, Kamito nodded in puzzlement.
"Kamito-sama, what milady meant just now was please do not hold back on asking about adult things."
"Carol, w-what are you talking about!?"
"Fufufu..."
Rinslet hammered her fists on the back of the giggling maid.
...That said, why was there a maid in the classroom in the first place?
"Hold on, you're being too noisy!"
Claire glared back at the two.
"As expected, Rinslet-san has already fallen into his fiendish grasp..."
"Including the maid for a sandwich situation."
The girls' cold stares pierced Kamito.
After the lecture on continental history, Kamito's entourage went for a late breakfast.
"Kamito, does this bore you?"
"No, it's quite interesting although there's a lot that I don't get."
Quite interesting. This was not a lie.
Kamito found things in this area quite refreshing because he had little contact with outside knowledge. Furthermore, Freya's lecture was clear and easy to understand without requiring prerequisite knowledge.
"Perhaps she specially made it easier to understand for your sake, Kamito."
Saying that, Claire halted in a large round hall.
"...Is this place the dining hall? As expected of the high-class ladies' world. Quite luxurious."
The hall contained many wooden chairs and tables. Girls were sitting there chatting amiably. The tables even had baskets filled with bread.
"Kamito-sama, this is not a dining hall but a cafeteria."
Carol informed.
"What's the difference?"
"The dining hall is at another building, it's a formal restaurant. This place only provides all-you-can-eat refreshments such as baked bread and coffee."
While taking a seat at a nearby table, Claire explained.
"All-you-can-eat?"
Kamito was shocked... It was inconceivable that all this tasty looking bread was all-you-can-eat. Unbelievable.
"This is an academy for the children of nobles after all. It's perfectly natural."
Rinslet also sat down next to Carol.
"I like the bread here a lot. This bread here with the jam filling is very delicious."
Saying that, Claire tore a piece of bread in half and handed it to Kamito.
"...This is good!"
"I know right... Yumm♪"
"Yeah. I've never eaten any bread this good at the place where I used to live."
Kamito chewed his bread while speaking.
"..."
"...Hmm, what's the matter?"
It felt like the surrounding atmosphere had frozen.
"Ah, yeah... G-Good point..."
"M-M-Mere bread, I could make it every day for you."
"Yes, spoken like a true marriage proposal, milady."
"Carol! Th-That's not right!"
Rinslet screamed, blushing intensely.
Seeing the way Kamito's group acted, girls sitting nearby began to whisper again.
At this moment, abundant cheers could be heard coming from outside the building.
"What's going on?"
"Her Highness the Imperial Princess is getting ready for the gate opening ritual."
"The imperial princess?"
Kamito looked out the window.
On a gentle hill side, a girl was performing a dance. She seemed familiar.
It was the girl who gave him the cookie yesterday.
"Fianna Ray Ordesia. Her Highness the Empire's second princess."
"...Her Highness the princess!?"
Kamito recalled what he had done to the girl yesterday.
Gruffly pushing her down in the corridor, he had intended to take her hostage.
"Uh, will I be sentenced to death—"
"Normally speaking, yes. Oh well, but since it's Fianna, don't worry about it."
"...R-Really?"
Kamito muttered, not entirely convinced.
"The ritual's preparations seem to be going very smoothly."
"What kind of preparations?"
"Preparations for the Gate that the spirits will use for the Great Festival of the Spirits tomorrow."
"...Great Festival of the Spirits?"
Hearing the unfamiliar term, Kamito frowned.
"A day where the entire Academy expresses gratitude to the spirits. Simply stated, it's the school festival."
"Because there's the Blade Dance this year, it was rescheduled."
"School festival..."
For Kamito who grew up in the Instructional School, school festivals were completely foreign as well. On the other hand, bloody celebratory events such as the Festival of the Death Dance and the Festival of Blood Splattering Battles did take place.
"Raven Class is preparing for a cafe imitation shop."
"Well, although it's slightly different from a normal cafe..."
Claire sighed. —At this moment...
"Kamito, so you are here!"
At the hall's entrance, a ponytailed girl was speaking.
"...!"
Hearing her, Kamito could not help but stand up from his chair.
It was Ellis Fahrengart, the knight's captain who intended to capture Kamito yesterday.
Ellis approached the table where Kamito's group was at.
"...S-Sorry about yesterday."
Unexpectedly, she bowed her head and apologized.
"As the leader of the Sylphid Knights, I had no choice yesterday."
"...Y-Yeah, I got it. I should be the one to say sorry."
Kamito bowed his head as well.
He was the one who escaped after all. She was simply fulfilling her duties.
"Ellis, you came for breakfast too?"
"No, I came to find Kamito."
"...W-What for?"
Claire's eyebrow rose in response.
"Kamito, you are a member of the Sylphid Knights. You have to assist with security for the Great Festival of the Spirits."
"Hold on, Kamito still hasn't recovered his memory."
"It cannot be helped. The Knights are shorthanded as well."
"...~Th-That won't do. Kamito must stay with me—"
"—No, I get it."
Kamito interrupted.
"...Kamito?"
"I want to work as much as possible. Also, I owe her a favor for the trouble I caused yesterday."
"I-I see!" "W-Wait up!"
Ellis's face relaxed while Claire grew frantic.
"Well then, I shall borrow Kamito for now."
Taking Kamito arm in arm, Ellis actively leaned against him.
"H-Hey, your chest is touching me..."
"...~I hate this, Kamito is such a jerk!"
"Captain, that's so unfair!"
The two girls' voices could be heard from behind.
The Academy town was located at the foot of the mountain where Areishia Spirit Academy was located.
At its gates, a pair of strangely dressed people were standing there.
Gray overcoats covering the entire body. Hoods that covered their heads and faces completely.
"—The Empire's premier institution for nurturing elementalists. It's been a long time since I last visited."
"Oh dear, how unexpected."
"After all, we spend most of our time outside the Empire."
The shorter of the pair answered and walked towards the entrance.
"Hold on, Virrey, entering requires proper procedures."
"What a pain. Also—"
"I'd like to test this Academy's security level—"
"Name yourself, visitors—"
Suddenly, the space above the door distorted and a giant metal knight appeared.
Made entirely of steel and clad in armor, carrying a double-edged blade as big as a log.
This was the guardian spirit contracted to the Academy city.
"Hmph, a knight spirit huh. Another straitlaced—"
The girl grumbled with annoyance.
"Warning. Unauthorized persons are prohibited from entering—"
"Shut up."
Instantly, numerous flashes of light were released from under the gray overcoat.
"Oh... Oh... Ohhhh, you... bastard..."
Pierced with many holes all over, the knight spirit left final words of chagrin before vanishing.
This all happened in an instant.
"How could their level be so low? This makes it evident how capable these Sylphid Knights actually are."
"Virrey, come on..."
The other person sighed helplessly.
"Do you think this will cause Kazehaya Kamito to appear?"
"Who knows? He is listed under the Sylphid Knights, but whether he is on duty or not, no idea."
"...Hmm, is there a need to cause an even greater commotion?"
"Ah, h-hold on, stop it!"
Ignoring her companion's efforts to stop her, the girl entered the Academy town.
"H-Hey..."
Dragged by the arm by Ellis, Kamito was walking through the Academy's courtyard.
Ellis was silent all along. Perhaps it was his imagination, but her face looked a little red.
"K-Kamito..."
Finally, she spoke up.
"U-Umm, how is your memory? Have you recalled anything?"
Kamito shook his head.
"...Nothing. I've heard about recent events from Claire but my memory still hasn't recovered... Sorry."
"I see. If there is anything you are unclear, please feel free to ask me. I will surely assist you."
Her stern dark-brown eyes stared straight at him.
Although it felt a little forceful sometimes, surely it ultimately stemmed from her righteous and honest personality, right?
"Speaking of which..."
Kamito suddenly recalled and asked:
"I remember you calling yourself my fiancée. What do you mean by that?"
"...~!"
Ellis instantly went bright red in the face.
"N-No! Th-That is a misunderstanding!"
In a panic, she shook her head forcefully.
"I-It was my grandfather who decided on his own, i-ignoring your opinion, sorry..."
Her voice grew more and more quiet.
"Ellis, your grandfather, could it be..."
The Empire's chief advisor on military affairs—Duke Cygnus Fahrengart.
A person whom Kamito had heard of despite his meager knowledge of the continent.
"Hmm. After witnessing your blade dancing at the Blade Dance festival, my grandfather decided to make you my fiancée. O-Of course, this does not sit too well with me..."
"...I see."
Ellis's grandfather had apparently ignored her will and decided on the engagement. A decision based on swordsmanship without worrying about status or origins—This was quite in line with a military family's style. But from Ellis's perspective, it was probably difficult to accept lightly.
If the claim of an engagement were true, Kamito originally considered the possibility of taking responsibility or something like that.
"Th-This sort of thing should respect both people's wishes. So..."
Ellis awkwardly twiddled with her fingers.
"...I understand."
"Huh?"
"Let's meet the Duke next time. I will try to convince your grandfather."
"...Wha! R-Really!?"
"Yeah. Once my memory recovers, I'll do my best not to give you any trouble."
"K-Kamito..."
Ellis's eyes turned moist and her face went red.
"Ah, ooh... E-Entrusted to you... Eternally."
(...Eh?)
Was there some sort of great misunderstanding on his part—
Instantly, this disturbing notion flashed across his mind—
At this moment, two girls in armor hurried over.
"Oh, it's the captain—"
"Oh dear, are you on a date with Kazehaya Kamito?"
"N-No, you fools!"
Ellis frantically released Kamito's arm and distanced herself.
Then her gaze fell upon their hands.
Both girls had released their elemental waffen.
"...Hmm, has something happened?"
"Just now, the guardian spirit at the Academy town's main entrance stopped reacting."
"Guardian spirit?"
"Although it's possible that the spirit returned temporarily to Astral Zero because the contract became unstable due to the approaching Great Festival of the Spirits. But just to be safe, it's better to check out the situation."
"I see. Perhaps the contract medium has been damaged. Investigate thoroughly."
"Orders received!"
The two girls nodded slightly and ran again.
—Suddenly, the short-haired girl stopped and turned towards Ellis.
"Oh, captain. What was mentioned previously is already prepared in the wardrobe at headquarters."
"I-Is that so? Got it."
Cough cough, Ellis coughed and nodded.
"...Those two just now are Rakka and Reishia, my friends."
"You're quite respected, Ellis."
"...H-Hmph, okay, let us be on our way."
Grabbing Kamito's arm again, Ellis set off again.
The Sylphid Knights' headquarters was an ancient building modified from an old church.
Kamito opened the entrance's heavy iron door to see a vast sky-blue ceiling with many conference tables beneath. This was a boring place that prioritized practicality.
"No one's here?"
"It's the day before the Great Festival of the Spirits after all. Everybody is out on duty."
Ellis explained while walking into the church.
"Not enough manpower?"
"It is already much better. Thanks to you."
"...Me?"
"Yes. You defeated my adopted elder sister in the school competition, led Team Scarlet to emerge victorious at the Blade Dance, thereby increasing the number of volunteers joining the Knights. Of course, no matter how shorthanded we are, we cannot accept everyone without scrutiny."
Saying that, Ellis stopped before a wardrobe by the wall and opened the lock.
"This is your equipment."
Ellis handed over the same kind of sword belt and sword she was wearing at her waist.
"Perhaps this might be a little redundant for those who are capable of using elemental waffen, but it is equivalent to a symbol proving membership in the Knights. Made of mithril after all, it is capable of fighting spirits once you inject divine power into it."
Kamito took the sword and swung it lightly.
"Uh, can I go without stuff like armor?"
"Regrettably, there are no male versions. If there is a need, it could be custom made."
"...No, I don't have any need for it."
"I see."
Nodding, Ellis reached towards Kamito's chest.
"Okay, here is the Knight's crest."
She pinned a crest, shining with golden luster.
"...Suits you great, Kamito."
The crest seemed to be infused with some kind of magic. Kamito could feel a slight amount of divine power from it.
"B-By the way, I have a favor to ask of you..."
"A favor?"
"H-Hmmm... I would like your help in taking a look at the ornamental armor I will be wearing at the Great Festival of the Spirits."
Ellis coughed and spoke.
"Ornamental, so it's different from your current equipment?"
"Yes. After all, it is the Great Festival of the Spirits, held only once a year. As customarily in past years, the captain has to wear special attire."
"...I see. I understand that part, but why ask me?"
"W-Well, uh..."
Ellis's face went bright red instantly.
But soon, she glared at Kamito—
"Captain's orders. A-Any objections?"
"A-Affirmative..."
Feeling signs that she was about to draw her sword, Kamito frantically nodded.
"Okay. Then wait here a moment."
Saying that, Ellis turned her heels and went through a small door deeper inside.
(...What's going on?)
He could hear the friction of clothing from inside the room.
Then after waiting like this for a while—
"Ah, ooh... W-What, is this...!?"
Suddenly, he heard a scream from inside.
"What's the matter?"
"Ah, ooh... Uh... This is too embarrassing..."
"...Embarrassing?"
Did she mean the ornamental armor she was wearing?
Just as questions surfaced in Kamito's mind—
Ellis timidly opened the room's door.
"...!"
Ellis's current getup forced Kamito to hold his breath.
"...Ah... Oohhhh..."
Hiding behind the door in the shadows, Ellis was rubbing her smooth thighs together.
Clear white complexion. Covering her lower body, the armor was no different from underwear. Her massive bust was covered by nothing more than a breastplate consisting of a small piece of metal.
Although it was ritual attire, in terms of armor, this design was excessively impractical.
"T-To think that such shameless armor existed... D-Does this not make me an exhibitionist..."
Blushing to her ears, Ellis placed her arms over her breasts that looked like they were about to pop out.
"You didn't pick it yourself?"
"A-Assuredly not! I-I was deceived by Rakka and Reishia!"
Shouting, Ellis swung her sword.
"Uwah!"
Seeing that, Kamito turned and evaded—
Losing balance and falling forwards, Ellis pounced on him.
Boing.
"...Mmmmmmmph!"
Pinned down by the large and soft bosom, Kamito was about to suffocate.
"K-Kamito!? S-Sorry..."
Ellis frantically tried to get up, but could not stand steadily, apparently unaccustomed to the armor.
Boing. Boing boing.
"Ah... Ooh♪ K-Kamito... Where are you touching... Ah♪"
Tears welled up in her dark-brown eyes as Ellis moaned in suffering.
"...H-Hey...!"
Kamito's face began to burn hot.
(W-What is this feeling...!?)
Confronted with the sight of Ellis's unsuited apparel, his heart was pounding hard.
"K-Kamito..."
Ellis looked at Kamito with a serious expression.
"...N-No way, your heart is racing?"
Ellis touched the location of Kamito's heart with her fingers.
...The heart's intense beating apparently transmitted to her.
"Y-Yeah..."
Kamito answered honestly.
"Seeing me dressed in such an unsightly manner, y-you're getting excited?"
"Uh, no, umm..."
Seeing Kamito shake his head frantically—
"I am not reprimanding you. Rather, I feel relieved."
Ellis showed a gentle gaze and smiled.
"...Huh?"
"Because you still retain your emotions even after losing your memory."
Kamito realized with surprise.
(...That really is true.)
After being abducted by the Instructional School, Kamito's memory and heart had been thoroughly destroyed.
He was educated that emotions were useless.
Then why was he feeling the turbulence of emotions now—?
Throb, throb, throb—
(...Guh... My head...)
"Kamito, a-are you okay?"
"Y-Yeah..."
Just as he held his temples and stood up...
An explosion was heard from outside the church.
"...What!?"
Ellis kicked the church's door open.
"—Where?"
As soon as she spoke, the air shook.
The trees of the Spirit Forest extending out from the school building's surroundings were being uprooted together with a great amount of soil and dirt.
Appearing amidst the swirling dust storm was a giant all covered in rock.
"...That's an earth spirit?"
"It's Rakka's Cabracan—"
Rakka. Kamito recalled it was the girl from the Knights he had met just earlier.
"What's going on? Who is that spirit fighting?"
"No idea. However, it should not be a conflict between students. Duels on campus are prohibited by the school rules."
Ellis spoke in an urgent voice.
"Stand by here."
"...? I'll go too."
"It is dangerous. Right now, you are incapable of using your elemental waffe, right?"
"I have a sword. Plus I'm also a member of the Knights, right?"
Kamito tapped the sword at his waist.
In that instant, the giant roared.
An impact shook the atmosphere and the giant's rock-covered body was shattered.
"...Impossible, Rakka's Cabracan was!?"
Ellis exclaimed in shock. Kamito stared wide-eyed.
Earth spirits were particularly durable, to be crushed so easily—
(...Who on earth?)
Ellis still looked hesitant—
"...I understand. Please assist me."
But finally, she still nodded. Holding Kamito's hand...
"O wind, grant me protection—Fly!"
Chanting an incantation of spirit magic, a howling whirlwind began to blow.
Ellis kicked the ground lightly and the two of them flew high into the air.
"Uwah!"
"Hold on tight. Do not fall down."
She kicked a wall of air to accelerate. The two of them flew straight towards the Spirit Forest.
Arriving above the forest, she stopped nimbly and landed in one flowing motion.
"...C-Captain..."
Collapsed on the ground, Rakka could not help but moan.
"Rakka, what on earth happened...!?"
They were surrounded by fallen trees, probably the aftermath of the rock spirit's destruction.
"That bastard. That bastard did this to... me and Reishia..."
"...!?"
Rakka's gaze was directed to another collapsed girl in front.
"Reishia..."
Ellis could not help but cry out.
At this moment—
"Oh my oh my, to think that it would be this poor. The power of the Sylphid Knights guarding the Academy."
Thud—The sound of a boot striking the ground.
"...!?"
A petite hooded figure landed next to Reishia.
"...Who goes there!?"
Ellis yelled acutely.
"Trespassers in the Academy will be punished accordingly."
"Heh, who are the ones who watched helplessly as a third-rate character like Jio Inzagi invaded?"
"...How did you know—"
"Also—"
The hooded figure glared coldly at Ellis.
"What's with that getup? Have the Knights started wearing such shameless armor recently?"
"Ugh... Th-This is a misunderstanding!"
Blushing to her ears, Ellis pressed her legs together.
"I-In any case, I will make you regret hurting my companions—Come, Simorgh!"
With a yell, Ellis summoned her elemental waffe, a spear, readying herself for battle.
"Kamito, I will arrest the intruder. I will count on you to cover me."
"—Understood."
Kamito drew the sword at his waist and took a leap opposite to Ellis.
(...Although it's not a dagger like I'm used to, whatever—)
While running rapidly in a wide arc, he infused divine power into the blade.
With an eruption of blue-white lightning, the blade glowed faintly.
"Haaaah—"
Ellis swung Ray Hawk horizontally.
An invisible blade flew out, instantly slicing through the forest's trees.
"I see, a powerful elemental waffe. However—"
The attacker kicked a fallen tree into the air to locate the wind blade and evaded.
"Wha—!"
The gray overcoat fluttered.
She instantly landed in front of Ellis and released a power knee strike without any delay.
Ellis blocked the attack with her spear's shaft but losing balance severely, she slipped.
Seizing this opening, the attacker made an overarm stroke at her throat.
"That's not gonna happen!"
With explosive leg strength, Kamito jumped. Closing in instantly, he swung his sword.
—However, his actions were read. The enemy retreated nimbly and evaded the slash, then took a backstep to create distance and faced off against Kamito.
"Able to close in on such a distance in an instant, not too shabby at all—"
(...Evaded!?)
Kamito mentally clicked his tongue.
Even the Empire's top spirit knights should not be able to see through his motions.
Although this was partially due to his not being in peak condition, still...
"—Kamito, dodge!"
Ellis cried out from behind. Kamito instantly jumped sideways.
A giant wind storm gouged the ground as the impact advanced.
This massive attack was probably going to be dodged. However, the enemy only had limited space to do so—
"Do not underestimate the Sylphid Knights!"
Ellis opened her hand. Instantly, the wind storm exploded.
The attacker was blown away by the astounding gale and rolled on the ground.
Ellis instantly closed in and mercilessly attacked her opponent with a thrust.
Her attack brushed the edge of the hood.
A lock of severed black hair scattered in the wind.
"—As expected of the captain. Looks like you're different from the rest."
The attacker praised. Kamito also secretly counted his good fortune.
Evidently, Ellis had not gone all out when trying to catch Kamito yesterday.
Ellis's blade dancing skills were far beyond a typical student's level.
(But—)
Kamito's gaze turned back to the hooded attacker.
The opponent was still confident and had effort to spare. This was proven by the fact that no weapon had been drawn yet.
(...The level of the Instructional School's high rankers? No, even superior to that—?)
"Okay, just surrender obediently—"
Pulling her spear from the ground, Ellis readied it in a renewed stance.
"—Like I said, you're too inexperienced!"
The attacker swiftly turned, catching Ellis by the ankle and flooring her.
"—Ellis!"
Kamito turned his sword to a reverse grip and leaped, kicking the ground.
(Assassination technique—Snakes and Scorpions!)
Keeping a low stance, he zoomed across the ground, aiming at the enemy's feet.
The opponent jumped straight up to evade and his blade pierced the ground.
However, that first strike was bait. The key was—
(Assassination technique—Flying Snake!)
Swinging the blade, embedded in the ground, upwards all at once, he unleashed a slash with godly speed.
The slash traced out a vertical line, severing the hood and the overcoat in one cut.
"...What!?"
The overcoat covering the attacker's entire body fluttered to the ground.
Revealed was a young girl with a cute face, dressed in a magnificent battle outfit.
Her hair, cut short like a boy's, silently scattered.
Her eyes of amethyst, glinting brightly, glared sharply at Kamito.
"The unorthodox sword huh. How unsightly, Kazehaya Kamito—"
"...!?"
Instantly, Kamito found himself being pointed at by a weapon.
An unadorned weapon crafted from black iron.
(No way—)
Kamito had witnessed identical objects at the Instructional School.
Manufactured in the factories of the Kingdom of Balstan, this was the pinnacle of spirit engineering.
This was a destructive weapon that shot out spirit crystals at high speed through a reaction between pyromatter and divine power.
A handgun.
(—An Artificer huh!?)
An elementalist who used artifacts to fight instead of contracted spirits.
The muzzle flashed. Kamito hastily dodged—
However, upon striking the ground, the spirit crystal shattered. Howling, cold wind surrounded Kamito.
(...An ice spirit bullet!)
"Kamito!"
Ellis yelled. However, Kamito's figure was being covered entirely by the blizzard—
"...It's my win, Demon King Kamito!"[2]
The girl reloaded her gun.
This time, she loaded a bullet that was meant to defeat the enemy instead of merely immobilizing them.
However—
"...What?"
The girl frowned in surprise.
Amidst the howling blizzard, an explosive flash of light appeared.
"...A-Ahhhhhhhhhhh!"
Kamito's right hand's crest of the sword and moon was glowing.
"Stop it, Kamito! Dangerous—!"
Ellis's voice was heard beyond the blizzard.
(...I know, but... I can't control it...!)
This was not Kamito's own will.
In response to Kamito's crisis, a reverse flow of divine power was pouring back into him.
The massive divine power was expanding instantly within Kamito's body.
Then—
The rampant divine power erupted from his swinging right hand.
"Kamito... Kamito, are you okay...!?"
"Ugh... Gah..."
Feeling someone shaking his shoulder, Kamito slowly opened his eyes.
Only to see Ellis's greatly worried face.
"...That girl?"
"After the Knights arrived, she fled... But she's likely still within the Academy."
"I see..."
Enduring the pain all over his body, Kamito pushed himself up.
Intense signs of burning were left on his right hand at the location of the spirit seal.

Meanwhile, in an empty classroom in the secondary block separate from the school building...
Having eaten breakfast, Claire and the others were preparing for the Great Festival of the Spirits.
"Jeez, Kamito is clearly my contracted spirit..."
"The captain is so sly!"
Dressed in their cafe uniforms, Claire and Rinslet were pouting.
They were dressed similar to maids while wearing decorated headbands. The decorations came with cute animal ears and were very popular with the spirits, known for their love of beautiful girls.
As a side note, Claire had cat ears while Rinslet's were those of a fox.
"Aha, you two are jealous."
Carol wiped the table while smiling.
"N-No way!" "Of course not!"
Hearing that, the two girls blushed intensely and frantically denied.
"Putting that aside, who knows if we'll be able to handle the customers properly tomorrow. Due to participating in the Blade Dance, we didn't even have time to practice much. I'm a bit worried."
"Don't offend the visiting nobles and spirits."
"I know that..."
Tomorrow, not only nobles but also many aristocratic spirits from Astral Zero were going to be visiting. Since high-ranking spirits wielded massive influence over the human realm, they definitely could not be treated lightly.
"Oh well, it would be bad to be overly self-aware and cause stiff expressions. I am cute enough as things stand already, so all I need to do next is practice smiling a little—Ouch."
Suddenly, Rinslet frowned.
"What's the matter?"
"The seal..."
"...!"
The rose seal branded on her left hand was flashing intensely.
"It must be that esteemed one."
"That esteemed one, could it be...!"
Claire instantly became nervous and looked at the surrounding students.
"Uh, Rinslet is feeling a little unwell, I'm going to accompany her to the infirmary to get some rest."
Then, grabbing Rinslet's left hand to hide it, she exited the classroom.
"Claire-sama, just allow me to accompany her instead."
Carol tried to help but Rinslet stopped her.
"I have important matters to discuss with Claire. Stay here, Carol."
"...Understood."
Carol bowed reverently. Useless as a maid usually, it was a great help that she instantly understood Rinslet's intentions during times like these.
Claire and Rinslet walked through the corridor to reach a first-floor classroom that was being used for storage.
"...There's no one listening here."
Confirming no presences around, not even spirits, Claire whispered.
The dim classroom was illuminated by the seal's dazzling light.
"...Fenrir!"
Rinslet called out the name of the demon ice spirit.
Instantly, a large magic circle appeared in midair, summoning the white direwolf.
Fenrir sat down on the dusty floor, supporting itself on its front limbs and opened it giant jaws—
"—Excuse the suddenness of this communication, princess maiden Ice Demon."
A calm voice came out.
"Y-Your dog can speak!?"
"A direwolf not a dog, okay!?"
Rinslet corrected rigorously.
"Ahhh, the Elstein princess maiden is present too. Perfect."
The person on the other side spoke using Fenrir.
Claire took a deep and sudden breath—
"Could it be... Iseria-sama?"
"Yes. Only through this demon ice spirit, I am able to make an appearance."
The wolf's head nodded once.
Claire and Rinslet frantically knelt down on the spot. Even when appearing in the form of an adorable wolf, she was still an Elemental Lord's avatar. The highest level of respect must be expressed.
Still in Fenrir's form, the Elemental Lord coughed lightly.
"My apologies. I originally intended to enter in a dialogue earlier but stabilizing my main body has already consumed all of my strength. Simply opening the Gate took a great deal of effort."
Listening to the elemental lord, Claire and Rinslet looked at each other.
"...Speaking of which, are the Elemental Lords still in a state of insanity?"
Claire asked gingerly.
They had undertaken the Elemental Lord liberation plan during the audience.
Was the darkness spirit girl's sacrifice in vain—?
"I remember it was mentioned that the Fire Elemental Lord's madness was supposed to subside somewhat."
Rinslet also spoke up.
"Volcanicus has stabilized now. The Demon King's sacred sword did indeed succeed in liberating the Elemental Lord's consciousness from being swallowed by the darkness. Vanishing from the True Sanctuary, it was most likely reborn in an amnesiac state somewhere, presumably in the same manner as I was sealed underground in the abandoned city—"
"Successfully liberated, I see."
"Yes. But the Otherworldly Darkness's corruption continues. This is temporary respite at best. In the near and foreseeable future, it will most likely exceed the level where I can suppress it on my own."
"No way...!"
"At least, if Alexandros and the liberated Volcanicus return, taking back the initiative should be possible, maybe."
Still in Fenrir's form, the elemental lord shook her head powerlessly.
"...The Holy Lord?"
Claire and Rinslet frowned at the same time.
Back then, Kamito was only supposed to have freed the Fire Elemental Lord.
"...The empty seat."
"Huh?"
"Three years ago, even before I was liberated, the Holy Lord's seat was already empty. As for when the absence started and where the Holy Lord had vanished to, I have no idea at all."
(...Liberated by someone else apart from Kamito?)
Claire tilted her head and wondered in her mind.
—The Holy Lord's unexplained disappearance.
There was an inexplicable sense of foreboding. As much as it was merely instinct, it was Claire's instinct after all, and Claire's potential as a princess maiden even exceeded her elder sister's. It could not be ignored.
(That said, it's useless no matter how much I tried to ponder this...)
Claire shook her head and asked the first question she should have raised.
"Excuse me, Iseria-sama, do you know anything about the situation of Kamito's darkness spirit?"
"Darkness spirit—You are referring to Restia Ashdoll, aren't you?"
The elemental lord whispered through the direwolf. As though choosing her words, the wolf cautiously spoke:
"The disappearance of that youth's spirit seal implies what has happened. Originally nothing more than the tool for realizing Darkness Elemental Lord Ren Ashdoll's will, she must have obtained a humanized heart through her interactions with that youth. In exchange for her own life, she saved the world. Rather, whom she saved was the youth, but in doing so, the world was saved as a bonus."
"I... see..."
The elemental lord's message was positive but merciless at the same time.
The darkness spirit was gone from this world. So long as reality was not rewritten—
Then even if Kamito recovered his memory, he would plunge into despair once more.
(...When the time comes, his mind and soul will surely collapse.)
Perhaps in consideration for Kamito, staying in his amnesiac state might be better—
Claire wondered.
"The Knights of the Holy Kingdom of Lugia are also searching for the whereabouts of the missing darkness spirit."
"Luminaris?"
During the final round of the Blade Dance, the Sacred Spirit Knights intended to exterminate the darkness spirit for some unknown reason. Their actions were almost as though they regarded the team's victory as irrelevant—
(...After the Blade Dance ended, they were still looking for the darkness spirit?)
—What on earth for?
"Ignoring the Divine Ritual Institute's warnings, they persisted in staying on Ragna Ys. Only after repeated warnings did they finally give up on the search and made their return."
"Why do they know that Kamito lost his darkness spirit?"
"The Holy Kingdom of Lugia seems to be suspicious too..."
Claire spoke with her chin resting against her hand. At this moment—
"Speaking of which, how is the youth's condition now?"
Iseria asked.
"Kamito, uh—"
Claire explained about Kamito's amnesia due to losing the darkness spirit as well as Est being sealed underground at the Academy at the same time.
Hearing this, Iseria—
"So this caused him to endure something harsh..."
The wolf's face distorted in suffering and murmured:
"The sacred sword being sealed, in other words, the Burial Chamber has manifested in the human realm."
"Burial chamber?"
Hearing the unfamiliar term, Claire and Rinslet cocked their heads in puzzlement.
"The Demon King's Burial Chamber—A special dimension conferred to those eligible Demon King candidates. In it are the seventy-two spirits under the Demon King's command and all his possessions."
"...Why would that kind of thing be at the Academy?"
Rinslet asked.
"The Burial Chamber manifests itself at the Demon King's base of operations. In other words, that youth subconsciously regards the Areishia Spirit Academy, where you are present, as his place of shelter that he is supposed to protect."
"...So it's like that."
The corners of Claire's lips relaxed somewhat. But in the next instant, she reacted strongly.
"The headmistress said that an investigation team assembled from the Knights will be arranged soon!"
The seventy-two spirits serving the Demon King. If that were to be discovered, the fact of Kamito being the Demon King's successor would be revealed to the world.
If that came to pass, even the headmistress would no longer be able to protect Kamito.
Things were still fine as a male elementalist.
But being the Demon King's successor was an entirely different matter.
"Don't worry. The only one capable of discovering the Burial Chamber is none other than the Demon King himself. Other humans definitely cannot open it nor find it. However—"
At this moment, the elemental lord seemed a bit lost.
"Retrieving the Demon Slayer once more would imply that the lid over his memories must be lifted—"
Saying that, the direwolf suddenly stared off into space.
It froze like that, as though time had stopped.
"...Iseria-sama?"
"...Otherworldly Darkness... Active again... I must go, back..."
"A-Are things okay?"
"I can still... do my best... to suppress..."
Fenrir's eyes gradually lost brightness.
Then—
"..."
Fenrir remained seated in front of the two girls.
"...Iseria-sama?"
"Woof!"
...Fenrir barked.
It looked like the elemental lord had stopped possessing it.
"...Iseria-sama was pushing herself in order to communicate."
Fenrir lay down on the floor, looking exhausted.
Rinslet snapped her fingers. The white wolf instantly returned to Astral Zero.
"...The Demon King's Burial Chamber. Something troublesome has arrived as well."
Claire sighed.
Kamito himself had lost his memory, yet the Demon King's destiny still clung relentlessly to him—
"Hey, you two over there—"
Suddenly, a voice was heard inside the empty classroom.
"...!?"
The two girl frantically looked back.
Outside the window, a person was standing, covered all over by a gray overcoat.
...Evidently not one of the Academy's students. Obviously someone suspicious.
Furthermore, this person's presence was hidden even to first-rate elementalists like these two here. Clearly no ordinary accomplishment.
(No way, our conversation with the Elemental Lord was overheard!?)
Claire released Flametongue and questioned acutely:
"You, who are you!?"
Hearing her, the person simply put down her hood.
Long black hair fell down and scattered. Beneath the overcoat were vestments of the highest rank.
"My companion went off somewhere on her own, so I'm totally lost."
"Eh?"
Claire had seen this bespectacled face before.
"Y-You are—!"
"Could you please take me to the headmistress' office, little lady of the Elstein family?"
"—Over here, Kamito."
After handing the two injured girls to their companions, the other knights, Kamito and Ellis hurried swiftly to the headmistress' office.
The Sylphid Knights declared a state of emergency. Although the attacker's goal was unknown, Ellis decided that the headmistress' safety came first.
"Quickly. The intruder could very well be aiming for the headmistress' life—"
"Isn't the Empire's Dusk Witch the strongest spirit knight?"
Seeing Ellis in a panic, Kamito raised a question. Indeed, the Artificer earlier was an accomplished expert, but it was hard to imagine the Dusk Witch could be killed by someone like that.
(In actual fact, even the Instructional School did not dare make a move on the Dusk Witch.)
Normally, elementalists would gradually lose the power of the spirit contracts as they aged. However, it was said that the Dusk Witch ignored that absolute rule and still possessed overwhelming power to this day.
However, Ellis displayed a pained expression—
"This is something that only a small number of people know, but currently, the headmistress has already lost the power of the spirit contract."
"...Huh?"
In front of the office, Ellis stopped.
"Headmistress, are you safe!?"
She opened the door, almost as though kicking it open, only to see—
"...Hmm, you're quite early."
Sitting before her desk, Greyworth spoke calmly.
"...Thank goodness. You are safe—"
Ellis had just breathed a sigh of relief when...
"...!?"
In the next instant, her dark-brown eyes opened wide.
"Wha—Y-You!?"
There was already a visitor at the headmistress' office.
A petite young beauty dressed in black leather combat attire.
Boyish short black hair. Eyes of amethyst, glinting like sharp knives.
In the leather holster around her exposed thigh was a black iron gun.
—Unmistakable. This was the attacker whom Kamito and Ellis had just fought.
"Damn it, get away from the headmistress!"
Making a warning, Ellis prepared to summon her spirit but—
"Hold on—"
The one who stopped her was Greyworth despite her apparent impending crisis.
"H-Headmistress, may I ask why? That person is—"
Ellis asked in puzzlement. However, Greyworth remained composed:
"...Well, calm down. By the way, what's with that shameless getup?"
Eyes half-narrowed, she stared at Ellis's greatly exposed skin.
"How lamentable. In the position of upholding the Academy's morals and discipline, to think you'd dress up in this manner. I understand your wish to seduce the lad, but please do pay more attention."
"...Th-This is... N-No, this is..."
Ellis instantly blushed to her ears and hid behind Kamito's back.
Kamito sighed and looked at the beauty in the combat outfit.
"...What's going on? Why is the intruder here?"
"Oh, you've already fought?"
Hearing that, Greyworth smiled wryly, quite amused.
"She is Virrey Branford. Ninth of the Numbers in the Imperial Knights."
" "—Numbers!?" "
Ellis exclaimed in shock. Kamito could not help but be taken aback as well.
There was probably no one on the continent who did not know this term.
The Ordesia Empire's renowned, elite knights, twelve in number.
The witch seated before them used to be ranked first among them.
"Ninth... Could it be the Umbra's—"
Ellis's throat was shaking.
"Umbra?"
"It's the Empire's intelligence agency."
Greyworth explained.
"The Numbers being spirit knights who roam the battlefields is already a thing of the past. Right now, their duties are a lot different. Dame Virrey Branford is a special operative knight belonging to the Umbra."
"...Special operative knight. Ellis, you didn't notice?"
"It could not be helped. I have never seen Dame Virrey's face either."
"After all, special operative knights seldom appear before others. Not knowing her is only expected."
Greyworth shrugged. However, Kamito still had a question.
(But as one of the Empire's Numbers—)
"Fifteen."
"Huh?"
"My age is fifteen. You're thinking that I'm too young, right?"
Saying that, the Umbra's special operative knight glared at Kamito with displeasure.
...In actual fact, that made her seem especially childish.
"You're already one of the Numbers at age fifteen?"
"The Numbers don't have age limits. I was only sixteen when I first joined their ranks."
Greyworth interjected.
"Like the Blade Dance this time, I am actually qualified to take part. However, I withdrew because group battles do not fit my personality."
Ellis changed the direction of her gaze and glared at Virrey with displeasure.
"Dame Virrey. As a member of the Numbers, why did you attack the Academy's knights?"
Hearing that, Virrey looked at Kamito.
"Think about it. Kazehaya Kamito's abilities."
"My abilities?"
"Yeah. The male elementalist who defeated that Strongest Blade Dancer Ren Ashbell—I was thinking how powerful he'd be, but ended up so disappointed. To think you can't even control your contracted spirit well."
"Kamito is far from his normal level right now. If he went all out—"
Displeased, Ellis intended to rebutt but Kamito stopped her.
"Then what is the Numbers' Umbra doing here?"
This question caused Virrey to shrug.
"I'm serving as the bodyguard for another member of the Numbers. It looks like she got herself lost somewhere in the Academy. Jeez, where did she go—?"
"I don't think it's quite appropriate for a bodyguard to leave the one you're protecting and go off to play."
"I never thought she'd be so directionally impaired."
"Well, it should be fine inside the Academy. As long as there's protection from the Knights on campus."
"The Knights are currently tracking down the unidentified assailant and are probably too tied up to do so."
Ellis spoke sarcastically.
"By the way, why would a member of the Numbers need a bodyguard?"
Kamito asked in surprise.
"Just as Dame Greyworth said just now, even among the Numbers, not all of them are knights skilled in martial arts. Especially considering her spirit, which is the type which cannot fight at all."
—Just at this moment, there came a knocking at the office's door.
Everyone turned towards the door.
"Headmistress, I've brought you a visitor."
Kamito instantly noticed.
(...This voice, it's Claire's?)
"Come in."
"Excuse me—Oh, Kamito." "Well I never, it's Kamito-san!"
Pushing the door and entering was Claire as expected. Rinslet was with her as well.
"W-What's with that getup—"
Kamito was the first to be surprised by the two girls' appearances.
Claire and Rinslet were dressed in cute maid outfits for some reason.
Proper maid uniforms in black and white. On their heads were decorations of cat ears and fox ears respectively... Frankly speaking, they looked very cute.
Kamito watched in mesmerization for a few seconds—
"Kamito-kun, it's been a while."
Presently, another figure appeared from behind Claire.
A glasses-wearing woman with a calming atmosphere. Aged roughly twenty or so, she was dressed in pure white vestments resembling a robe.
"...Dame Lurie."
Ellis spoke. However, Kamito did not recognize the name.
"Nice to meet you, although that's not actually accurate. The way you are currently, you probably don't remember."
"I'm sorry..."
Kamito apologized to her.
"You're late, Dame Lurie. Lost again?"
Virrey shrugged while speaking.
"Virrey, how are you treating the one you're supposed to be guarding?"
Pressing on her temple, Lurie walked over to stand by Virrey's side.
Claire swiftly leaned against Kamito and whispered in his ear.
"That's the eighth of the Numbers—Lurie Lizaldia."
"Numbers..."
"The Empire's top healer. She's called 'Lurie the Miraculous'."
This time, it was Rinslet who whispered to add an explanation.
"No need to be nervous, Kamito-kun. I was called here to treat you."
"Treat me?"
"Yes. I applied to the imperial capital for a healer with outstanding skills, so she came."
Greyworth spoke up.
"Since I was coming anyway, I might as well deal with Kamito-kun's matter while I'm here. I only came to visit the Great Festival of the Spirits."
"Hmph, just treat it as something like that. But the lad is mine, Dame Lurie."
"I know. Kamito-kun is quite loved by Greyworth-sama."
Lurie walked up to Kamito and gently put her hand on his forehead.
"...?"
Kamito was puzzled. Next, she closed her eyes and softly chanted spirit magic.
"—O light of healing. Illuminate this person's darkness."
Instantly, a bright light appeared on her fingertips. A light giving off a warm and gentle impression.
(...This light, what is it...)
Kamito felt his strength escaping from all over his body.
Amidst pleasant, light slumber, his consciousness kept sinking.
"Yes. Just let your strength drain and relax—"
Lurie's whispers were heard by his ear. Kamito did as told, closed his eyes and nodded silently.
"What do you see?"
"No, nothing at all..."
"...I see. Then what do you hear?"
"Nothing at—"
Just as he was about to reply in the negative...
—Kamito, hey, Kamito.
(...?)
A voice in his mind suddenly called out for his name.
(...This... voice is...?)
Not Lurie's. It was a voice that Kamito did not recognize.
(...No wait. I recognize this voice.)
It felt very soothing. A very very nostalgic voice.
—Kamito, I offer everything to you.
—My heart, my power, my destiny.
Fragmentary images surfaced in his mind.
Beautiful black wings. Gorgeous black hair fluttering in the wind.
Dating back to his childhood, the touch of slender fingers that always caressed his head gently.
(You... who exactly are you...?)
—Therefore, I hope. You can... me.
The lips of the girl, whose face he could not see, touched him gently.
Instantly, the light shattered.
"...!?" "Kyah!"
Kamito and Lurie were blown away, each crashing into opposite walls in the office.
"Kamito, are you okay?" "Kamito-san!" "Kamito!"
Claire and the girls hurried over.
"Dame Lurie, are you hurt?"
Virrey helped Lurie up and swiftly pointed her gun at Kamito.
"What did you do to Dame Lurie?"
"N-Nothing at... guh..."
While holding his painfully throbbing head, Kamito groaned.
"Virrey, that was not Kamito-kun's fault just now."
Lurie slowly shook her head.
"Looks like Kamito-kun's heart has been locked up."
"Locked...?"
"Yes. This is not memory loss simply due to a psychological blow. If that were the case, the hole in his memory would be far too clean."
...This a clue. The hole in his memory was too clean, Kamito felt that personally.
Rather than recalling nothing about himself, it seemed as though memories related to something specific were dug out—
"This is sealing magic cast on Kamito-kun by someone. High-level darkness magic that completely seals away all memories related to the one who cast the spell."
"...Hmm, similar to hypnotic suggestion?"
Greyworth pushed her glasses while asking.
"Yes. In that case, it looks like it will take some time."
"That magic can be lifted given enough time?"
"It's worth a try. However, this magic is rooted deep in Kamito-kun's psyche. Forcibly making a move on it could very well end up destroying Kamito-kun's mind—"
"No way!"
Claire screamed mournfully. Lurie shrugged.
"Oh well, just do our best. After all, this is for the sake of Kamito-kun who has brought honor to Ordesia for the second time."
"Yeah, thanks—"
Next, Greyworth turned her gaze to Ellis.
"Ellis, take Dame Lurie and Dame Virrey to the guest quarters."
"—A-Affirmative."
Hearing that, Ellis placed her hand on her chest and nodded.
"By the way, Headmistress—"
Finally recovered from the headache, Kamito asked.
"What?"
"Uh, about my contracted spirit, has authorization still not been issued for searching the underground facility?"
"...Yeah, about that matter."
Greyworth pressed her finger against her temple.
"No matter what, it is an abandoned military installation after all. The formalities are quite time consuming—Besides, even if authorization is issued for investigation, in order to prevent the risk of a rampage, you cannot contact your contracted spirit in your current state."
"But won't that spirit help me recover my memory?"
"...It's true that the possibility exists."
Greyworth nodded candidly.
"But the risk is too high."
"...!"
Kamito clenched his right fist tightly.
"Kamito, uh, the headmistress is being considerate for you—"
"...Yeah, I know."
"—Then this concludes the conversation. Kamito's matter will be handed over to Dame Lurie. The Demon Slayer's retrieval will wait until progress is made on analyzing your memories."
Greyworth ended the subject, issued orders and dismissed everyone.

Walking out of the office, Kamito parted ways with Ellis in the corridor.
"Well then, please come over here, Dame Lurie."
"See you later, Kamito-kun."
Lurie smiled faintly while Virrey silently turned on her heels.
"...Okay. I'll be returning to my room too."
Just as Kamito muttered...
"Hold on, Kamito."
Claire grabbed his wrist from behind.
"W-What's up?"
"Why is Ellis wearing such a terrible set of armor?"
"I can't believe you forced the captain to wear that kind of thing... S-Shameless!"
...These girls looked like they had a huge misunderstanding.
"...Umm, that's apparently the uniform the Knights are wearing for the Great Festival of the Spirits."
"U-Uniform!?"
Claire's eyes were opened so wide that they were round.
"...N-No way, wearing such radical clothing out on the streets?"
"It's almost like underwear."
"...Yeah, I found it strange too."
Kamito scratched his head in embarrassment.
"Ellis..."
"The captain, how pitiful."
After learning of the story, the two girls showed pity in their eyes.
"By the way, what's with the getup, you two?"
Kamito was also raising questions about the two girls' maid uniforms.
"Th-This is what we're wearing for the imitation shop!"
"I will be serving customers."
"I see..."
Speaking of which, they had mentioned this morning about Raven Class running a maid cafe imitation shop.
That was apparently where these clothes came from.
"Kamito, you have no more duties today for the Knights, right?"
Suddenly, Claire put her hand at her waist and asked.
"Yeah, I guess."
"Then head over there to help."
"...Got it."
Kamito shrugged and agreed.
Passing through the courtyard to reach the secondary block, they then climbed up ancient wooden steps.
The venue assigned to Raven Class was an empty classroom on the second floor.
A sign hung over the classroom's number plate.
Luna Forest—That was apparently the shop's name.
Opening the door, Kamito found himself in a carefully decorated shop space.
"This is quite proper."
"I know right."
Claire nodded with satisfaction. The tables and chairs were carved from wood. The pleasant grass-green wallpaper was apparently specially switched.
Kamito surveyed the classroom, deeply impressed.
"Claire, where did you go off to—Oh my, it's Kamito-kun?"
Suddenly, Kamito heard a voice he seemed to have heard before.
Turning around, he found a black-haired beauty dressed as a bunny-eared maid.
This was Her Highness the princess who had given him the killer cookie in the corridor yesterday.
"Ugh—"
Recalling the surreal taste of the cookie, Kamito could not help but groan.
"Ugh... What's that supposed to mean, Kamito-kun?"
"Oh, nothing..."
The princess pouted with displeasure. Seeing that, Kamito frantically waved his hands to cover up.
"Fianna, is the magic circle's construction going well?"
"It's basically complete. Now I'm just taking a break and checking out the situation on this side."
Saying that, Fianna turned her gaze back to Kamito—
"Kamito-kun, do you have shifts too?"
"No, I belong to the Sylphid Knights—"
Kamito shook his head, but...
"The festival only comes around once a year, Kamito, you should join in. You should have free time on the second day, right?"
Claire suggested.
"...However, there's nothing for boys to wear here, right?"
"Well, that's true too. Let's borrow a butler uniform from somewhere."
"On the other hand, I believe that it's fine without a butler uniform, yes?"
"Eh?"
Fianna smiled impishly at Kamito.
"Uh, what's that..."
"Hmph, exactly what I mean, literally—"
Fianna snapped her fingers. Immediately, a crowd of girls from Raven Class appeared from inside the part of the room sectioned off by a curtain, surrounding Kamito.
"...!"
"Very well, dress Kamito-kun up as a beautiful maid!"
"H-Hold on..."
"How interesting!" "P-Perhaps it will be surprisingly suited to him..." "Leave the make up to me!"
The girls of this class seemed a bit strange, showing great interest in Kamito.
"You two, s-s-save me—"
Kamito turned his gaze at Claire and Rinslet but...
"...Uh, don't worry. I think you'll look very good in it."
"Me too, uh... I actually want to see."
The two girls avoided eye contact at the same time.
"Okay, okay!" "Just count the stains on the wall and it'll be over." "Hurry hurry~"
"U-Uwahhhhh!"
The screams of Kamito resounded in the entire classroom after he was taken into the room.
...Several minutes later, changed into a maid's outfit, Kamito reappeared from behind the curtain.
A wig was placed on his head, combed neat and tidily. He even had light make up like a princess maiden.
On his head were cat ears ornaments just like Claire's.
(...H-How strange. Inexplicably, there's no sense of dissonance.)
Standing before the mirror, Kamito had this conclusion.
It was as though he was already used to this—
"...K-Kamito, so pretty!"
"...I-It suits you quite well!"
Claire and Rinslet could not help but exclaim.
"Kamito-kun, you can join the Beauties' Festival next time!"
Fianna clenched her fist while the girls in the class all nodded repeatedly.
"Y-You girls..."
Kamito groaned in his throat—
"...Kazehaya Kamito, I never knew you had this kind of fetish."
At this moment, there was a surprised sounding voice.
"...!?"
Changed into her Knights of Ordesia uniform, she was Virrey Branford.
Her eyes of amethyst glared sharply at Kamito.
"N-No, you're wrong! Don't get the wrong idea!"
Kamito shouted frantically but Virrey did not change her cold expression.
"This pervert."
"Who is that person?" "She's not a student here. She must be one of the Empire's spirit knights."
The girls in the classroom began to chatter.
The majority of elementalists looked up to the spirit knights.
But it looked like no one realized she was one of the Numbers.
Virrey sat down at a nearby table.
"I can order tea and cake, right?"
"Y-Yes. Pleased to be of service."
One girl happily nodded but—
"No—Kamito, you prepare the tea."
...He was named.
"I'm not a noble, so I'm a total amateur at brewing tea."
Kamito grumbled with his eyes half closed.
"Doesn't matter. I'm not particular either."
"...Sigh. Got it."
Sighing, Kamito boiled water in the kitchen and started to brew tea.
Although the tea leaves were arbitrarily picked from the dozens of jars, all of them were probably high class stuff no matter which he picked. The rather classy fragrance went straight into his nose. While the tea was steaming, Kamito took the best-looking roll cake nearby, cut a neat slice and placed it on a plate.
Clearly with no memory of it, for some reason, he knew how to brew tea.
This was a skill unneeded at the Instructional School... Who on earth taught him?
(...Did I actually work as a maid before?)
Kamito was getting more and more confounded by what kind of person Kazehaya Kamito was before losing his memory.
Virrey Branford sipped a mouthful of tea, then...
"...You pass. Perhaps you are quite suited as a maid."
"You are too kind."
Kamito shrugged and sat down opposite to Virrey. Getting unrelated girls caught up just for testing Kamito's abilities, this fact made Kamito feel that he could not get along with this member of the Numbers.
"What about you, why do you talk like a man?"
Hearing him, she quietly put down the cup of tea.
"Special operative knights' chief duties consist of espionage activities in other countries. Cross-dressing offers many conveniences. Since male elementalists do not exist in principle, it eliminates the worry of being exposed as an elementalist."
"...I see. You've already experienced many hellish battlefields by this age."
"This has nothing to do with age. The same goes for you, right?"
She glared sharply at Kamito, then cut a piece of the roll cake and brought it to her mouth.
In the next instant, Virrey's face suddenly went livid.
"...C-Cough... W-What is this... Is it poisoned!?"
She lay on the table, her arms convulsing nonstop.
"...How could it be poisoned—Ah!"
Kamito suddenly realized.
Claire and Rinslet were silently pointing at Fianna.
It looked like the piece of roll cake came from the hand of Her Highness the imperial princess.
...Because it looked the best, I took it out without thinking.
"...S-Sorry..."
"Urghhh... You bastard, it is poisoned after all... Underhanded... villain..."
Holding her belly, Virrey stood up unsteadily.
"...I, shall, excuse myself."
"H-Hey, are you okay?"
Just as Kamito went up to help her...
"Kazehaya Kamito. My true mission is to observe and see what kind of person you are."
She whispered in his ear.
"...Huh?"
"Hypothetically, if you were the Demon King leading the world towards destruction—"
—I will mercilessly kill you when the time comes.
—In this manner, they busied themselves with the Raven Class's interior decorations until night had fallen.
Kamito and Ellis went to the Spirit Forest together.
"Sorry Ellis for needing you to help lead the way."
"Pay it no heed. This is part of the discipline committee's duties."
She was leading him to the ritual purification site used by princess maidens. The spring water here apparently had fatigue recovering effects and was useful even for the Empire's knights. Of course, this was originally a place where males were forbidden. After Ellis had a discussion with Greyworth, Kamito was authorized to use it during late night.
Having reached the spring, Ellis handed a fire spirit crystal to Kamito.
The mineral had a salamander-shaped fire spirit sealed inside.
"Just activate this mineral then put it in the water. The water is a bit cold at night."
"Oh okay, thanks."
"W-Were it not for the rules, I would enter together with you..."
"Hmm?"
"N-Nothing! D-Do not be late for the morning meeting tomorrow!"
Ellis shook her head to cover up then flew across the sky to the other end.
"...She seems quite busy."
Kamito took off his uniform and soaked himself in the spring with only a pair of shorts.
...So cold. Taking Ellis's suggestion, Kamito injected divine power into the fire spirit crystal.
Glowing red, the spirit crystal released heat in the water.
"Wow, this really is convenient—"
The water temperature rose slowly, then steam resulted. It was almost the same as a hot spring.
Kamito looked up at the night sky and exhaled, sighing.
"...So much happened today."
Why was Kamito's contracted spirit sealed away?
Did it have some connection to why his memory was lost?
Then there was what Virrey Branford had said.
(...I am the Demon King leading the world towards destruction?)
Why did she say something like that—?
...Splash. Suddenly, he heard sounds of water from behind.
"...?"
Looking back, he found a figure standing at a bush.
"—Who is it?"
Releasing killing intent, Kamito asked.
...Ordinary students were not supposed to go out during such hours.
"Wait, Kamito-kun, it's me."
"...This voice. You're Lurie Lizaldia?"
The figure nodded.
"...S-Sorry. I'll come out right away!"
Kamito frantically tried to stand up.
Speaking of which, she was wearing glasses. Perhaps in the darkness of the night, she failed to notice that Kamito had entered this place. After all, it was a ritual purification site supposed to be used exclusively by princess maidens.
"Oh, it's fine if you stay there. I came to see you, Kamito-kun."
"...See me?"
"Yes, didn't I mention last time? You need regular treatment."
As soon as she spoke, on the other side of the rising steam, Lurie's vestments fell to the ground all at once.
"...!?"
Before Kamito could make a sound, she had already entered the spring.
Wet, sleek, black hair. Delicate and smooth skin. Kamito had not noticed when she was dressed in her vestments, but her figure was actually quite good.
Her seductive bosom, quite impressive in volume, was swaying before Kamito's eyes.
"...I-If it's treatment, surely in a room—"
"Isn't it easier to relax here? Besides, it also helps strengthen my powers."
Yeah right, relaxing in such conditions—
Kamito intended to retort but his convulsing throat could not make a sound.
"W-Why naked?"
"Oh dear, you haven't heard from Greyworth-sama? Yours is an unusual constitution where magical effects are difficult to transmit to you without direct skin contact. Fianna-sama does this usually as well, I expect—"
"...T-To think I've done that kind of thing before!?"
Kamito was shocked by his own experiences.
(...I-I can't believe I did that with a proper princess!)
Lurie pressed her chest against Kamito's arm.
"Okay, relax."
Finally giving up, Kamito sat down obediently. Then sacred light appeared from Lurie's hand and faintly illuminated the surroundings. Then like that, she placed her hand over Kamito's heart.
"...Your heart is pounding."
"Th-That goes without saying!"
Face red, Kamito looked away to the other side.
Lurie chuckled and whispered in his ear.
"...Close your eyes and take a deep breath."
Feeling his body filled with warm light, Kamito nodded.
"—So, first question. Girls with large busts or small busts, which do you prefer?"
"...Does this have anything to do with my memory?"
"No, I'm just curious."
"...I'm begging you. Please be more serious."
Kamito closed his eyes and groaned.
"...Well then, I'll ask seriously. After obtaining victory at the Blade Dance, you lost your memory at the Elemental Lords' sanctuary. Do you still remember anything about what happened there?"
"The sanctuary of the Elemental Lords... No, I remember nothing at all..."
...Throb. Kamito felt a slight headache.
"Different question. What is your contracted spirit like?"
"My... contracted spirit... is..."
...Throb. Throb.
Beneath his eyelids, something flashing with silver-white luster inexplicably appeared.
"Silver-white hair... A very pretty girl... It feels something like that..."
"Looks like that's the Demon Slayer. What about your left hand's spirit?"
"...Left hand?"
...Throb. Throb. Throb. Throb.
"Ugh... Guh... Ahh..."
Spirit. Left hand's—Black wings, her heart—I, using this sword—
"—Kamito-kun, you, what did you see in the elemental lords' sanctuary?"
"...Ahhhhhhhhh!"
Kamito howled from the depths of his throat.
Lurie's body was sent flying.
"Huff, huff, huff, huff, huff..."
Kamito collapsed again, on the water surface.
"Sorry. This, what a mess."
"...Let's call it a day here."
Lurie shook her head and stood up.
...Imperceptibly, the spring water had gone cold already.
Returning to the room, Kamito found Claire still awake in bed.
Under the light provided by a spirit crystal's flame, she was reading a book zealously.
"Claire, what are you reading?"
"Waaah!"
Dressed in pajamas, Claire closed the book in a panic upon hearing his voice.
"...Th-This is preparation for tomorrow. A reference book about playing a maid's role."
"I see. As expected of the honors student."
Although the book's title, "Tale of the Maid of the Night" entered his view, Kamito did not take any particular note of it.
Because he could not tear his eyes away from Claire's appearance.
Normally, tied up on the sides of her head, her crimson hair was now let down.
Probably having just taken a bath, her hair was still a little moist.
"...What's the matter?"
Claire asked in puzzlement.
"No, it's just the sight of your hair untied..."
"Oh okay. Like this, it's easy to mix me up with Nee-sama."
Using her fingers as a comb, Claire straightened her hair.
"Kamito, do you like this hairstyle?"
"...Well, I think the twintails suit you very well too."
Kamito turned his face away to hide his embarrassment.
"I-I see..."
Hearing that, Claire whispered quite happily.
"Kamito, do you have any plans for tomorrow?"
"The morning is with Ellis patrolling the Academy town."
"...Hmm. F-Fine. After the patrol duty is over, come with me to take a tour."
"I don't need to help out the class?"
"You still want to dress up as a maid?"
"No..."
Kamito shook his head.
At this moment, Claire extended her little finger—
"Agreed? Tour the Great Festival of the Spirits with me tomorrow. It's a promise."
"...?"
"Th-There—"
She hooked hers and Kamito's little finger together.
Suddenly, her gaze fell upon the spirit seal on his right hand.
"Hey, Kamito—"
"Hmm?"
"Kamito, do you really wish to recover your memory?"
Faced with Claire, gazing sincerely—
"...I'm not sure."
Kamito answered thus.
"—Fufu, beloved children. I can feel you stirring in excitement."
Under the moonlight, golden hair was fluttering in the wind of the night.
Within the flourishing forest stretching outside the palace, a girl in vestments smiled tenderly.
Millennia Sanctus—the cardinal from the Holy Kingdom of Lugia.
In her hand, she was holding a necklace, a rusted sword, a silver bracelet and four rings.
These were all ornaments from royalty of antiquity. These Artifacts each sealed within them a tuned militarized spirit.
Inside were spirits for assaulting strongholds, originally requiring a high level of skill to use. Also present were forsaken spirits that were impossible to control and deemed unsuitable for military use.
The girl's finger slid across a knife's blade.
Immediately, darkness flowed out from her finger tip and through the blade, corrupting all of the artifacts.
"—O True Darkness. Spill out and corrupt the insane, beloved children."
Flowing out endlessly, the darkness dripped to the girl's feet, forming a pool of blood.
Watching the scene with one eye, the girl—
"Fu, fufu, fu—"
She could not help but smile.
With a campfire lighting up the darkness, a figure appeared next to the stone circle.
There were no other active presences in the surroundings. The twelve princess maidens constructing the Gate for inviting the spirits to the Academy as well as the supervising knights were all collapsed on the ground, unconscious.
Fianna Ray Ordesia was not among them. At this moment, she was sleeping at the secondary block. The fact of her absence had been confirmed beforehand.
Had an outstanding princess maiden like her been present, things would have been a bit troublesome.
The figure touched the giant magic circle that was traced on the ground.
Although the rejection reaction of protective magic caused sparks, that merely lasted but an instant. Soon, the defenses were broken through and the activation spell, composed of spirit language, was gradually rewritten—
By dawn, these girls would have forgotten everything.
As though nothing had happened at all.

—Kamito... Where are you, Kamito?
(...?)
A voice came from the darkness.
A girl's voice, sounding as though it might disappear any moment.
(...Who, are you?)
Amidst darkness so dark that he could not even see underfoot, Kamito gingerly reached out.
This was like wandering in a wilderness of memories.
This was a dream. Simply his subconscious unease manifesting in the form of a dream.
While walking towards the voice, Kamito calmly reached his conclusion.
(But—)
Kamito continued to think. Retaining the ability for lucid thought even in dreams was part of the most basic training taught by the Instructional School.
Rather than a dream, it was more like his mind moving through his subconscious—
(...There might be clues to my memories.)
Reaching on in the darkness at this time, he suddenly felt a sharp pain.
The spirit seal branded on his right hand gave off light.
—Kamito... Do you hear... my voice?
The seal's glow slightly illuminated the surrounding darkness.
In his view, straight ahead—A girl could be seen chained up.
"...!?"
Unimaginably beautiful, a girl with silver-white hair.
Her pale, white, nude body appeared in the darkness.
(...That's my contracted spirit?)
Terminus Est—Literally the strongest sword spirit, crowned with the title of the Demon Slayer.
But in contrast to her title, she looked so fragile and delicate in appearance.
She looked like she would shatter like glass with a single touch of the finger.
With some hesitation, Kamito stopped walking.
The darkness in the surroundings began to move and gradually swallowed the girl's nude body.
"...Est...!"
In that instant, Kamito cried out the girl's name, forgetting it was a dream.
He called out the name of the contracted spirit that had been erased from his memory.
However, when he stepped forward, his feet sank into dark mud.
Like that, he gradually sank.
"...Wait... up...!"
Reaching out furiously, his finger touched the girl's hand slightly.
Suddenly, her thoughts seemed to be transmitted to him, using their point of contact as a bridge.
—Kamito, I am waiting here.
—Waiting for you, Kamito, to return after fulfilling her promise.
"...Seriously, you dreamt of Est?"
"Yeah. No mistake about it... I think."
When dawn came, on the day of the Great Festival of the Spirits—
While walking on the path to the secondary block, Kamito told Claire the dream he had this morning.
When he woke up, he found no change in his condition.
His memories remained lost.
But the pain he felt in his right hand seemed like a lingering part of the dream.
(...Perhaps it's the result of Lurie's treatment last night.)
Kamito pondered.
"Connecting to the contracted spirit through dreams is quite common. I often share Scarlet's dreams. Like dreams about pigging out on canned tuna."
"M-Meow—"
While walking by her side, Scarlet made sounds of protest.
"...You sure it's not a dream from your side?"
"O-Of course not..."
Claire pouted with displeasure, her face going mildly red.
But soon, she recovered a serious expression—
"...However, it seems that Est is calling for you, Kamito."
"But why doesn't she return to me?"
Kamito cast his gaze at the seal on his right hand.
"Probably due to the memory loss, your connection to the spirit is interrupted."
"...I see."
"So, what kind of dream was it?"
"Oh... Umm, a girl, completely nude, chained up in the darkness—"
"H-Hold on a sec!"
Claire suddenly stopped walking.
"Th-That dream, no way... It's an e-erotic dream... Right?"
"Completely wrong!"
"Don't be shy. K-Kamito, you're a boy of that age after all. E-Even me, I sometimes dream of being chained up—Oh no, w-what have you made me say!?"
Claire's face instantly went red and she started beating on his shoulder nonstop.
"Like I said, it wasn't like that..."
"Oh, Kamito-kun—"
Kamito heard someone calling his name from afar.
Running over was the black-haired girl in the Divine Ritual Institute's uniform, Fianna.
She was originally on a hill with a massive ring of rock, surrounded by gathered princess maidens, preparing for the gate opening ritual mentioned previously.
"Kamito-kun, would you like to visit the imitation shop at the secondary block?"
"Yeah. I guess I should show up at least."
Hearing Fianna's question, Kamito answered and shrugged.
After walking Claire there, he intended to hurry over to the Knights immediately.
"Fianna, is the gate opening ritual ready?"
"Of course, Now we're just preparing the fireworks for pleasing the spirits."
"Not bad..."
Claire exclaimed honestly.
The princess was apparently one of the candidates to the continent's five Queens, with outstanding abilities in ritual magic that far surpassed upperclassman students.
Hence, even as an underclassman, she was still appointed as the one in charge of the most important ritual.
"However, I can't say it was a walk in the park. Although the stone circle's power is being borrowed, opening a Gate that allows ruler-class spirits to pass through..."
On the princess's wryly smiling face, there were heavy signs of fatigue.
She had worked continuously for this day, presumably accumulating a lot of fatigue.
"However, we're already at the final stage. It must succeed!"
As though cheering for herself, Fianna raised her arm.
Beneath her uniform, her bosom quivered as a result.
"So, Kamito-kun, you must enjoy the festival today as well!"
"Yeah."
With a flutter of her skirt, Fianna jogged back over to the hill.
"Doesn't feel like a princess somehow."
Kamito smiled wryly.
"Perhaps she stopped putting on airs a little due to being tired. She must have built up a lot of stress over these past few days. Well, a royal's position is quite troublesome too."
Hearing Kamito, Claire murmured, a little worried.
In front of the secondary block, a large number of students were mixed together already.
The aroma of baked goods was coming from the imitation shop. Spirits of various forms were gathered in the surroundings. These not only included the students' contracted spirits but also visiting spirits from the nearby Spirit Forest... Kamito had never seen this many spirits before.
"...Wow, this bread stick smells so good, it looks quite tasty."
"Our classroom is over there."
Grabbing Claire who was wandering leisurely, Kamito frantically pulled her back.
"...~!"
Instantly, Claire's face went red.
Her wandering legs froze.
"...What's the matter?"
"Ah, uh... Umm, hand, suddenly being held..."
Her voice was almost inaudible.
At this moment, whispers started in the surroundings.
"G-Grabbing a girl's hand." "So naturally!" "Feels like he's very used to it!"
"...Oh."
Only then did Kamito react.
This was a school where rich girls attended. Holding hands with a boy was completely inconceivable.
Claire getting surprised was unavoidable.
"...S-Sorry for startling you."
Kamito frantically released her hand.
"...I-It's nothing, don't worry."
Claire's twintails swirled as she shook her head.
...Amidst this inexplicably embarrassing atmosphere, the two of them walked silently.
Walking in front, the hell cat spirit skipped up the stairs.
Students from various classes were gathered in the secondary block. It was very crowded.
Instead of wearing their uniforms, some of the girls were dressed in ritual dresses or inexplicable mascot costumes.
Walking upstairs, Kamito and Claire finally arrived at the cafe of Raven Class.
The door was beautifully decorated, looking almost like a real cafe.
Of course, given the wealth and influence wielded by these students of the Academy as daughters of noble houses, cooperating to set up a beyond first-rate cafe was nothing impossible. However, they had been instructed to open imitation shops using their own efforts in the Great Festival of the Spirits.
Pushing the door open—
"Oh, Kamito."
A girl dressed as a maid turned her head back to look at him.
"Welcome to the Luna Forest cafe!"
Rinslet Laurenfrost curtsied and greeted elegantly.
Shining platinum-blonde hair. Clear eyes of emerald. A noblewoman through and through, nevertheless, she seemed inexplicably authentic in a maid outfit.
"...As always, a maid outfit suits you very well."
"Yeah, I agree."
Kamito concurred.
"H-How rude, do know that I come from a noble family, that of a margrave's!"
...Even with a face filled with fury, while she was dressed up as a fox-eared maid, she did not seem intimidating at all.
On the table next to her, the one who was supposed to be the real maid, Carol, was gracefully having breakfast.
"Hmm~, milady's tea and roll cake are simply exquisite~♪"
"Ah, how unfair. I want to eat roll cake too."
"Claire, come here and prepare."
"W-Wait, what are you doing!"
Resisting, Claire was shoved by Rinslet over to the other side of the curtain.
"You've arrived, Claire."
"Very well, prepare yourself."
"...Huah... W-Wait a sec, what are you doing, kyah—"
Claire's suffering screams could be heard from behind the curtain.
"What a troublesome child."
Rinslet clapped her hands.
Suddenly, she turned towards Kamito.
"Speaking of which, have you had breakfast yet, Kamito-san?"
"...I need to head over to the Knights next. Sorry."
Kamito had no choice but to refuse the much wanted invitation.
Eating breakfast here would mean being late for the Sylphid Knights' morning meeting.
"...I-I see."
Rinslet seemed a bit disappointed, her shoulders slumping.
"Sorry. How about next time?"
"It's a promise."
Hearing that, her mood soon recovered and she smiled.
At this moment, the classroom's door opened—
"Hi, Onee-sama... Onii-sama too!"
Dressed in a blue one-piece dress, an eight or nine-year-old girl was speaking.
She had blonde hair like Rinslet and was a very cute girl at that.
No matter how you looked, she did not seem to be a student at the Academy.
Kamito was thinking she was lost in the Academy—
(Just now, she called me her older brother...)
In the classroom, Kamito was the only male present.
The girl's eyes of emerald were gazing straight at Kamito:
"Onii-sama♪"
"...Uh, you're talking about me?"[3]
Unable to hide his bafflement, Kamito pointed at himself.
Accidentally, he switched back to using his old manner of self-referral.
Suddenly, the girl skipped over and hugged him.
"...!?"
"Onii-sama, what's the matter?"
The girl cocked her head in puzzlement.
"Uh, 'Onii-sama'... means me?"
Kamito had some idea of a girl who called him her older brother. However, this girl here was not the Instructional School's Muir Alenstarl.
"Mireille, stop giving Kamito-san a hard time."
Rinslet grabbed the girl by the ear.
"...~Onee-sama, what are you doing?"
"Onee-sama?"
"This child is Mireille Laurenfrost. My younger sister."
Rinslet held her temple as she introduced.
"...Sister?"
Kamito looked at the young girl again.
...They did look quite similar.
She was probably going to grow up into a beauty like her sister.
"But why do you call me Onii-sama?"
Mireille Laurenfrost proudly puffed out her tiny chest.
"Onee-sama is Onii-sama's future wife. So that makes me Onii-sama's younger sister."
"...W-Wife!?"
"W-W-W-What are you talking about!?"
Thud thud thud.
Blushing to her ears, Rinslet hammered her fists against Mireille's back.
On the other hand, Kamito shuddered at the latest revelations.
The Fahrengart daughter was his fiancée. He had experienced intimate skin contact with the imperial princess. Now, the Margrave Laurenfrost's daughter was his future wife—
(...Kazehaya Kamito, who the heck are you!?)
Kamito was having an increasingly tough time understanding who he was before he had lost his memory.
...No wonder he was called the king of lust.
At this moment—
"Mireille, do not cause trouble for milady and Kamito."
A calm voice came from somewhere.
"...?"
Without any warning, a maid grabbed the young girl by the back of her collar.
She was probably thirteen or fourteen in age.
Dressed in another school's uniform, she had dark-brown hair.
Most striking of her appearance was the sight of her eyes.
Heterochromia.
(...Demon Sealing Eye?)
Kamito soon noticed the true nature of her eyes.
Among the special ability users at the Instructional School, there were several who possessed the same type of eye. However, none of these girls were able to suppress the spirits sealed inside and every one of them died.
"Milla, l-let go!"
Caught by the collar, Mireille struggled.
However, the girl named Milla remained unmoved.
Continuing to hold Mireille's back collar, she turned towards Kamito.
"Sorry for milady making trouble."
She bowed her head very politely.
"Uh, you are—"
...This child, was she also one of Kazehaya Kamito's acquaintances?
Carrying this question, Kamito cast his gaze towards Rinslet—
"She is Milla Bassett, Mireille's maid."
Rinslet introduced.
"...The memory loss appears to be real."
Milla remained expressionless but her eyes lowered as though in melancholy.
"...Sorry for not remembering you, uh, and Mireille—"
"Memory loss?"
Mireille tilted her head in puzzlement.
"Kamito currently has amnesia due to his injuries from the Blade Dance. Don't cause more trouble for him."
"I see now... Sorry, Onii-sama."
After listening to Milla, Mireille reflected on her behavior.
...Although it was a bit surprising, this child was fundamentally very honest and upfront.
"By the way, Milla, what's with this way you're dressed up?"
Rinslet asked at this moment.
Kamito felt equally curious.
She was wearing what appeared to be a military uniform with red embroidery against a white background.
It did not seem like a maid uniform at all.
"Yes, because today is the Great Festival of the Spirits, I put on my homeland's military uniform."
"Homeland?"
Hearing Kamito's question...
"The military uniform of the Principality of Rossvale."
Milla replied expressionlessly.
The Principality of Rossvale was a small country that had seceded from the Holy Kingdom of Lugia in recent years.
"Milla came from the Principality of Rossvale."
"Yes. This set of clothing was what I wore in my encounter with you, Kamito, so it has commemorative value, hence—"
Halfway through, Milla stopped speaking.
Her heterochromatic eyes stared straight at Kamito.
"Milla spent a lot of time thinking over what to wear for today, you know?"
"Mireille, that's—"
Milla's face blushed slightly.
"Also, the closet was basically filled with erotic clothing no different from underwear... Mugugu..."
Milla silently covered Mireille's mouth.
Then she glared towards Kamito—
"Kamito, Mireille is lying. There is no erotic clothing in the closet."
"G-Got it. I believe you."
Fearing Milla's mysteriously intimidating aura, Kamito nodded repeatedly.
At this moment, the curtain was forcefully opened from the changing area—
"Claire has finished changing!"
"Huaaaah, jeez, this is totally unruly!"
Turned into a cat-eared maid, Claire made her appearance.
"Claire, that looks very good on you."
"You're almost the same as a cat fairy!"
Rinslet and Carol's comments were heard.
"H-Hmph, shut up!"
Claire shyly turned her face away.
Then she glanced at Kamito.
"..."
"...W-What about you?"
"Uh, I find it quite cute."
Kamito offered his honest opinion—
"...~!"
Hearing that, Claire blushed to her ears and hid behind the curtain again.
"...Oh no, I'm going to be late."
Looking at the large clock in the lecture hall—
Kamito hurried over to the church that served as the Knights' headquarters.
The Academy's grounds were very vast. Furthermore, the church's location was on the opposite side relative to the secondary block.
Originally, there were many leylines running through the school ground. He could get there quickly using divine power to power up his legs, but given the current crowded conditions, he had no choice but to walk normally.
"Oh, hurry and look, hurry and look, it's Kamito the king of lust!" "I heard that his wish for a harem was rejected by the Elemental Lords." "Deplorable!" "King of lust! King of lust!" "N-No, don't point at him—"
...He could hear all sorts of gossip.
Evidently, the notorious name of Kazehaya Kamito was widespread among the public.
(I-I can't believe that even such young children would...)
Hearing the little girl mumbling "king of lust" unintelligibly, Kamito was greatly shocked.
...I might as well give up and stay in amnesia, for the sake of world peace.
While evading the gathering spectating crowd, Kamito hastened his pace.
Weaving through the crowd, he finally reached the church at the outskirts of the Academy's territory.
At the church plaza, Ellis was currently giving orders to the members.
Seeing Ellis standing on a wooden crate, Kamito stopped.
(...Different from yesterday's armor?)
Beautiful, black, lustrous pauldrons. The jet-black background was reminiscent of night's darkness. Combined with white lace, it gave a very mature impression.
Faced with Ellis's getup, Kamito could not help but stare in amazement—
"—Kamito, you are late."
Ellis called out from atop the wooden crate.
"Sorry, there were more people than expected."
"...Seriously. There are even more people over at the Academy town."
Ellis shrugged then turned her gaze back to the members of the Knights.
"—Well then, final confirmation. Team Sierra and Team Diane will take the school building. Team Reishia and Team Rakka will be stationed respectively on the Academy's grounds. Team Falnesia will take the Spirit Forest. Team Froza, with the most members, will be in charge of the Academy town together with Kamito and me. Any questions?"
"—All clear!"
The knights all answered in unison then dispersed to head towards their area in charge.
Even as a student organization, they were very well-trained.
"...I still haven't gotten used to this completely."
Getting down from the wooden crate, Ellis sighed.
"My elder sister would have encouraged everyone even more."
"Really? In my view, it went quite well."
"Hmph, spare me the flattery..."
Cough cough, Ellis coughed lightly.
Her bosom shook inside her formal dress, a sight causing Kamito's heart to race uncontrollably.
"Hmm, w-where are you staring..."
Ellis glared at him.
"Uh... What's with that armor?"
Kamito frantically changed the subject. Ellis blushed in response.
"K-Kamito, are you saying you prefer yesterday's erotic armor?"
"N-No, that's not what I mean—"
"Yesterday's armor was apparently made by Rakka and Reishia as a joke. They told me that they never expected me to put it on for real—"
"...Yeah. I thought so."
Kamito understood. Even for a festival, wearing that kind of unsightly armor to patrol the streets would be too unusual.
"...What do you mean, you thought so!? So even you noticed there was something weird!?"
"No, umm..."
Confronted with the tearful and angry Ellis, Kamito averted his gaze awkwardly.
"...~Why did you not tell me!?"
"Oh, the new armor looks great on you."
"Eh—"
Kamito successfully changed the subject, causing Ellis's anger to be swept aside completely.
"...A-Are you serious?"
Her ponytail swayed this way and that.
This was a comment coming straight from his heart. Clad in mature-looking armor, Ellis looked more like a goddess ruling the winds rather than a stern and awe-inspiring knight.
"Better than the erotic armor... Yes?"
"Y-Yeah..."
Kamito nodded honestly.
"...I-I see. Good to know."
Face red, Ellis clutched her hem tightly.
At this moment...
"Stop flirting in front of a sacred church."
A displeased voice came from behind.
Turning around, Kamito found Greyworth arriving, dressed in a suit.
In combat attire, Virrey Branford was also with her.
"H-Headmistress!"
Ellis instantly straightened her posture.
"How shocking. Knights who should be upholding the Academy's morals are having a tryst here."
Virrey stared coldly at Ellis.
"Th-This is a misunderstanding! We are heading to the Academy town for patrols next—"
"I understand, captain. The one at fault is the boy over there, deceiving innocent and pure maidens."
Virrey glared even more sharply at Kamito.
Her eyes looked like they could murder someone.
"—Indeed, you are the Demon King's reincarnation, aren't you?"
"Demon King Solomon or whatever is just an old legend, right?"
"Regrettably, the Empire does not think so."
Kamito and Virrey's gazes clashed.
Both of them were about to draw their weapons.
"Dame Virrey, the Academy prohibits duels within its grounds."
Seeing this, Greyworth declared calmly.
Virrey shrugged with dissatisfaction—
"...Whatever. All shall become clear sooner or later."
Finally, she put down her hand that was placed on her gun.
"...B-By the way—"
Ellis spoke nervously.
"Why are you here, Headmistress?"
"I have a meeting with the Empire's bigshots. I don't even have the leisure to enjoy the Great Festival of the Spirits."
"A meeting... On this kind of occasion?"
"Yeah. Two days ago, a great incident apparently took place in a neighboring state."
Saying that, Greyworth's gray eyes narrowed and glowed sharply.
"The Theocracy apparently had an internal coup d'etat."
"Coup d'etat?"
Ellis widened her eyes greatly.
"As a secretive country, the details are unknown but according to reports from spies, Hierarch Rajihal Kahn was executed during a rebellion in the capital."
"Who is the mastermind?"
"According to reports, the eldest princess, Sjora Kahn."
"That witch—"
Ellis exclaimed in surprise.
"Since something like that happened, the neighboring states are not going to remain silent—"
"...Assuredly so. This could very well spark a war."
Greyworth sighed. Her face looked a bit tired.
"...It must be tough for you, Headmistress."
Hearing Kamito's mutterings, Greyworth glared at him.
"Talking like it's not related to you. This meeting will also discuss whether to authorize an investigation of the underground facility mentioned last time. Whether you can retrieve your sword spirit or not will depend on this."
"...Will they authorize it?"
"The military will probably refuse. After all, underground facilities are mostly liabilities they have no wish of publicizing."
"No way—"
"Don't worry. I am no longer as influential as during my days in active service, but I still have a right to speak after all. It should be possible to authorize an investigation team assembled from a small number of people affiliated with the military."
"...Sorry for making so much trouble for you."
Kamito bowed his head.
"Hmph, this is my first time hearing something sincere from you without sarcasm."
"...Really?"
"Yeah, that's right. That mouth of yours keep saying rude things like witch or old hag."
"Unbelievable. How could someone say that to a beauty like you—"
"What...!?"
Greyworth was rendered speechless with her mouth open in shock.
"Dame Greyworth, it's about time—"
"...Y-Yeah. Then Ellis, I shall leave the commanding on scene to you."
"Yes, you can count on me!"
Greyworth departed, a little awkwardly.
Watching her leave—
"...The headmistress was shaken. How rare."
Ellis murmured to herself.
The Academy town, located at the foot of the mountain where Areishia Spirit Academy was situated, had large crowds gathered.
The town was divided into five large zones based on the Five Great Elemental Lords. Open air stalls covered the road side space along the main roads passing through the town. At the plaza, there were even princess maidens sent from the Academy to perform ritual dances.
Unlike the Academy, nobles were rarely seen here. Most of them were local commoners. However, the gender ratio was still skewed towards females.
Kamito had never seen such lively streets before.
The aroma of food drifting from the open air stalls made him swallow his saliva involuntarily.
"We are responsible for the Undine Area near the outer gate, a place where leisure facilities prepared for the students are gathered. It is also the Academy town's central area."
Ellis explained while walking.
"With so many people, won't criminals try to sneak in?"
While walking and avoiding the crowds, Kamito muttered.
In actual fact, Kamito could invade any time he wanted.
"The main gate has a guardian spirit to perform identification checks. People are not allowed in without documents issued by the Empire. But it is true that people have gotten past it. You may not remember, but a few months ago, there was a black market merchant from Murders who infiltrated."
"Virrey Branford also forced her way in."
"That guardian spirit has been dismissed. Now, the Imperial Knights are serving as guards. Mere terrorists should not be able to force their way in."
"So we need to look out for spirits running amok?"
"Yes. Exactly."
Ellis nodded.
"By the way..."
Suddenly, she looked around uneasily.
"...S-Starting a while ago, I have been feeling gazes."
"...I don't think you're imagining things."
In fact, Ellis's appearance was still very attention grabbing amidst the festival's hustle and bustle.
Striking ice-blue hair. Stern and dignified dark-brown eyes.
Also, there was—
Her massive bust, quivering under her formal dress armor.
Walking beside her, Kamito could not help but feel very aware of that swaying entity during all this time.
"Ooh, I-I do not want to be stared at by any man apart from Kamito..."
Blushing, Ellis looked quite embarrassed.
"Knight lady from the Academy, here's a special discount for you!"
"Come check out my shop, my donuts are very tasty."
Unconcerned with Ellis's appearance, the various shop keepers called out to her one after another.
"You're not going to buy something?"
Seeing that, Kamito tried asking.
"We are currently on duty."
A serious answer very much in line with her style.
"Being hungry is not good, though."
"W-Well..."
Ignoring Ellis in her serious dilemma, Kamito bought a kebab sandwich with roasted meat.
Wrapped in the wheat bread, there was a generous amount of meat and vegetables topped with a spicy sauce.
The hot aroma was very appetizing.
"Here, we can eat this while we walk."
"Hmm, mmm..."
Bite.
Ellis took a bite out of the sandwich.
As expected of a young lady from a prestigious family, her manner of eating was very graceful.
"Th-This is very delicious...!"
After a taste, she widened her dark-brown eyes.
"Oh, so noble young ladies have never eaten this kind of thing before?"
"Do not take me for a fool. Of course I have eaten things like kebab sandwiches before."
Ellis pouted.
"However, eating like this while walking feels quite new as an experience."
"I see. But you look like you're not very used to eating this."
"What?"
"There's some sauce here."
Kamito used his finger to wipe the sauce next to Ellis's mouth and licked it off.
"...W-W-W-What...!"
Instantly, Ellis's face went bright red while her mouth opened and closed.
"What's wrong?"
"Y-You, to think you did that out in full public—"
Just at this moment...
"Hey there, knight lady!"
A five or six-year-old girl came up to Ellis.
"...Yes, what is the matter? Are you lost?"
Ellis instantly recalled her duties and recovered a solemn knight's expression.
The girl shook her head.
"Lady, you're an elementalist, right? I wanna see a spirit."
"My apologies, but summoning spirits recklessly on the streets is against school rules."
"But during festivals, there are many spirits."
"My contracted spirit is a pure combat type, so unless it is absolutely necessary—"
"No, don't make things difficult for the knight lady!"
At this moment, a woman who appeared to be the child's mother came over and took the girl's hand.
"Sorry, miss knight. My daughter is too willful—"
However—
"Eeeee—, I wanna see a spirit, I wanna see—"
The child began to cry loudly.
The surrounding adults also began to clamor.
At this rate, the crowd was going to block the way.
"Well, just a look would be fine, right?"
"...I-I guess. Very well, this is an exception."
Coughing lightly, Ellis stroked the child's head.
Instantly, the girl's face brightened.
Ellis took a breath and raised her arm lightly—
"—Hailing from the far beyond, the violent demon wind spirit, Simorgh!"
She spoke the words of summoning.
Instantly, a whirlwind blew above and a demon bird appeared out of thin air, spreading its wings.
The surrounding spectators all cheered.
Seeing the demon wind spirit flying in the air, the girl widened her eyes—
Keeeeeeeeeee!
At this moment, Simorgh gave a great cry in the air.
Instantly, the girl's face went livid.
"Uwaaaaah! So scary!"
"There, there! The knight lady summoned it just for you!"
The girl ran away crying while her mother chased frantically.
The demon wind spirit landed on Ellis's shoulder, its shoulders slumping.
"...Looks like it scared her off."
"Even though the spirit is clearly so cool."
Hearing Kamito's comforting words, Simorgh cooed and called out.
—After that, Kamito and Ellis walked towards the central plaza.
There was a large spring at the plaza, attracting many spirits with its sacred properties.
"This is the famous Spring of Undine."
Ellis explained.
"Rumor has it that throwing in coins will grant wishes."
"Here..."
Indeed, there were many coins at the bottom of the spring.
Ellis took out silver coins from her pocket and quietly tossed one in.
Seeing her, Kamito did the same as her and tossed a silver coin.
"Ellis, what wish did you make?"
After he asked this...
"...S-Secret. What about you, Kamito?"
"Recovering my memory, first things first—That's it."
"I see."
Kamito's gaze settled on the surface of the spring water.
Reflected on it was his grownup sixteen-year-old self.
"Actually, I should have a wish I want the most, but I just can't remember it."
"Kamito, you—"
Ellis was just about to speak when...
Suddenly, a pillar of water rose from the spring.
"...!"
Bathed by a large amount of splashing water, standing in front of the spring, Ellis was thoroughly drenched.
"Ellis, are you okay?"
"Y-Yeah, just that my clothes are wet..."
Seeing Ellis soaked, Kamito felt his heart pound uncontrollably.
Her hair in a ponytail was soaked.
The jet-black formal dress clung tightly to her skin, revealing the outlines of her white underwear beneath.
Even the patterns of delicate lace surfaced clearly.
Kamito frantically diverted his gaze.
"A-Anyway, let's go somewhere with fewer people."
"I-Indeed! The clothes must be dried."
Taking Ellis by the hand, Kamito ran away from the plaza into a small alley.
While the main roads were filled with crowds, there were extremely few people in the alleys.
"O wind—"
Running behind a shop, Ellis chanted an incantation for wind.
A whirlwind swirled and started to blow her clothes dry. As a result, her skirt fluttered and exposed white panties, causing Kamito to hastily turn his gaze away.
"Did that spring's spirit anger because I'm male?"
"No, I think it is likely that the spirit was intending to grant my wish."
"...What do you mean?"
"U-Uh... L-Letting Kamito witness my victory underwear, something like that..."
"...?"
Mixed in the sounds of the wind, Kamito could not quite catch what Ellis was saying—
"—Oh, you two are here. Kamito-kun."
A laid back voice was heard, causing Kamito to look back frantically.
Over there was—
"Fufu, am I disturbing the two of you?"
"L-Lurie-san—"
Lurie Lizaldia of the Numbers.
Dressed in vestments, her arms were holding a great amount of snacks including apple pie, sugar churros, roasted corn, a chocolate banana, etc.
On the side of her head was even a weird mask bought from a stall.
"Dame Lurie, why did you come here without even a bodyguard knight!?"
Ellis exclaimed in surprise.
"Why? Of course it's for sightseeing. It's been a while since I last visited a festival."
Her vestment's sleeves swayed. Seeing this, Ellis sighed.
"You cannot go without a bodyguard. If something were to happen to you, as one of the Numbers—"
"Don't worry. This Academy town is probably the second safest place in the entire Empire."
"Be that as it may—"
Ellis did not get to finish her sentence. At this moment...
A shocking explosion was heard, coming from somewhere in the Academy.
"...!?"

Dressed in ritual attire, the twelve princess maidens had lost consciousness and collapsed by the side of the stone circle.
Just when the ritual was under way, a sudden flash of light erupted, blowing everything away in the surroundings.
Intense sparks flew out from the magic circle used for summoning spirits. The audience speechlessly watched the latest developments.
"...Could it be... the Gate opening failed?"
Collapsed on the ground, Fianna opened her eyes wide, exclaiming in shock.
(...No, that's not right. The ritual did not have any problems.)
Using the Gate for summoning was not very difficult magic in itself. Even if a summoned spirit went berserk, it seldom caused the summoning to fail.
Then did the Gate at the historical site show abnormalities?
(...That's not very possible either.)
Before constructing the magic circle, experts in historic sites should have conducted a thorough examination already.
In that case, the only remaining possibility was—
(...The magic circle itself was rewritten?)
"Calm down! Please calm down and evacuate."
"Rakka, go help the collapsed princess maidens!"
"...Right away!"
Despite the utmost efforts of the Sylphid Knights to respond, the audience were still on the verge of panic. If the commotion spread beyond the Academy, it could end up causing a tragedy of the worst kind.
(...I must find a solution.)
The reason had to be found, so that the Gate could be closed as quickly as possible. Otherwise, evil spirits from Astral Zero might use it to enter the human realm.
"Repair the magic circle! Everyone come and help!"
Fianna tried her best to stand up and rally the princess maidens. However—
Her body was violently stunned.
Seeing that appear before her eyes, she began to rue her naive thinking.
From the magic circle where sparks were scattering out, something was about to crawl out.
Covered by darkness resembling mist, there were pitch-black claws.
—A spirit.
A spirit giving off astounding miasma was currently being summoned here.
Furthermore, this was not the type of spirit residing in Astral Zero.
This was—
(Tuned specially for use in war, a militarized spirit—)
In the next instant, a howl tore through the atmosphere.
"...Militarized spirits!?"
Looking at the sky, Ellis cried out.
Above the Academy, giant flying spirits were circling in the air.
Wrapped in darkness, spirits in the shape of winged dragons.
There were a total of three—no the numbers were still increasing.
"No way, the princess's ritual failed?"
"No, even if the gate opening failed, it would not cause militarized spirits to—"
Ellis murmured in shock.
Militarized spirits were weapons specially tuned for war. They were mostly sealed in artifacts and under strict safekeeping by the military. At least, they were not things that could be summoned from Astral Zero.
"Did someone intentionally release militarized spirits? But more importantly, right now—"
The commotion in the plaza's direction was gradually expanding in scope.
The crowd was beginning to realize the abnormality of the situation.
Pitch-black winged dragons were circling in the air, causing destructive storms that smashed nearby buildings.
The earthquake-like sound and people's screams were all superimposed together.
Escaping from the plaza, the crowd instantly rushed into the alleys.
"—Kamito, above!"
Ellis chanted wind magic, bringing Kamito and Lurie together to a roof.
The militarized spirits spread their wings and shook the air with their roars.
Tiles of roofs were blown away, about to fall upon the dense crowds packed in the alleys.
"...Take this!"
Ellis mustered full strength and swung Ray Hawk.
The countless roof tiles were shattered by the howling gales.
"Are you okay!?"
"Y-Yeah..."
Kamito drew his sword from the waist and helped Lurie deflect small pieces of debris.
"...Thank you, Kamito-kun."
"Sorry, please protect yourself. I can't guarantee your safety with just this single sword here."
"Captain, over here!"
Footsteps from multiple people were heard on the roof.
The arrivals were the members of Team Froza in charge of security in the Academy town. They looked like they had not grasped the situation and everyone looked puzzled.
"Captain, what on earth is going on!?"
"...Someone released militarized spirits apparently."
"Anti-Empire terrorists?"
"...Who knows."
Ellis shook her head and stared at the berserk militarized spirit.
The spirit had gone completely out of control.
Normally, militarized spirits were supposed to be controlled by multiple elementalists. Releasing them like this meant deliberately letting them run amok.
Ultimately, how were the militarized spirits brought to the Academy?
This was a place where top-rate elementalists were gathered. Trying to smuggle artifacts containing sealed spirits should have been quickly discovered.
"The Gate was used huh—"
"Captain, orders please—"
Froza urged.
"I will lead a team to destroy them. Froza, you will be in charge of evacuating the audience. The rest of you, follow me."
"Y-Yes!" "Understood!" "Leave it to us!"
Three girls stepped up and released their respective elemental waffen.
Even among elementalists, those capable of releasing elemental waffen were not many. The members of the Sylphid Knights must be the Academy's elite, presumably.
However—
(Even so, mere students cannot handle militarized spirits—)
Kamito calmly reached a conclusion. Joining forces to handle one spirit might be possible, but defeating all seven militarized spirits was totally impossible.
As though reading Kamito's mind, Ellis looked back.
"Of course, this is only for buying time. Until the Imperial Knights arrive."
"...I see."
Naturally, the Academy town also had knights stationed.
After all, this Academy was also a strategic location for the military. The army, which stayed out of sight in respect for the student's autonomy under normal conditions, could not possibly stay their hand in times like these.
"What should I do?"
"Kamito, you stay here and protect Dame Lurie. Dame Lurie, may I trouble you to heal the wounded?"
"Sure, I got it."
Lurie nodded slightly.
"..."
Kamito subconsciously gripped his sword's hilt tightly.
(If I'm able to use an elemental waffe—)
The town was filled with panicking and fleeing crowds. Among them were many small children.
As a member of the Sylphid Knights, he felt frustrated that he could not help them.
However, pouring divine power into his spirit seal would probably cause another runaway reaction.
A shadow shaped like a giant winged dragon seemed to notice them.
Screeching with high pitch, it tore through the air and glided over.
"—It is coming, spread out!"
Under Ellis's orders, the girls wielding elemental waffen dispersed in three different directions.
"—Go forth and pierce, evil-vanquishing whirlwind!"
Right in front of the militarized spirit...
Ellis released a howling wind blade, forming a penetrating whirlwind.
The wind blade pierced the militarized spirit's mouth, skewering it.
"Yes—" "Do it now, attack!" "Take this!"
The girls of Team Froza assaulted the militarized spirit that was rolling in the air. Their coordination was excellent, as expected of a well-trained organization of knights.
Dealt with—Ellis murmured softly. But in that instant...
"Wait, the situation is a bit weird—"
"Eh?"
Hearing Kamito's warning, Ellis frowned.
Suddenly, the militarized spirit's body expanded all at once.
Then—
Its body, filled with black miasma, exploded in midair.
"...No way... How could this happen..."
Looking up at the militarized spirits circling midair, Fianna exclaimed in despair.
Before her eyes were the ruins with the broken gate. The remains of the shrine that was blown away were scattered randomly all around.
Having lost her place in the palace, she had found somewhere she belonged for the first time.
But now, she could do nothing but watch as this precious place was being trampled.
The Academy had entered a state of emergency and was evacuating students and visitors.
Combat teachers, the Sylphid Knights and some of the students were heading to engage the enemies in battle but could not handle the militarized spirits.
(...One could hardly blame them.)
This was not a blade dance to make offerings to spirits.
Those in the Academy with real combat experience were extremely rare.
"It's my fault... It's my fault for the ritual's failure—"
Lips trembling nonstop, Fianna knelt down on the spot.
At this moment, one of the militarized spirits landed in front of Fianna.
"...!"
The black, winged dragon opened its jaws, preparing to swallow Fianna.
Apart from demon spirits afflicted with strange mental structures, spirits had no concept of eating humans. However, a portion of evil spirits would devour princess maidens' physical bodies to absorb divine power.
Fianna, with her divine power far surpassing average princess maidens, was top-quality prey.
"No... Don't come here...!"
Collapsed and sitting on the ground, Fianna kept backing away.
The winged dragon's great jaws opened, revealing a row of small but sharp teeth.
"...Kamito-kun!"
Fianna could not help but cry out his name—Just at that moment.
Whoosh—the sound of wind being sliced was heard.
"...Eh?"
In the next instant, the winged dragon's head was covered by crimson flames.
The militarized spirit made a frightening howl and jumped up.
"Fianna, are you okay!?"
Hurrying over was Claire, wielding the intensely burning Flametongue.
Her crimson hair fluttered in the wind. Her maid uniform was already full of holes.
"What on earth happened? Where did the militarized spirits come from?"
"No idea. But—"
Still sitting on the ground, Fianna shook her head.
"I believe that the magic circle controlling the Gate was rewritten."
"...Who did it—"
"..."
For an instant, the image of a certain person, wanted by the Empire, flashed across Fianna's mind, but...
"This is not Rubia-sama's style."
"Nee-sama won't do this kind of thing, okay!?"
"I know."
She absolutely would not permit a terrorist attack that caught ordinary people in it.
(...But I can't figure out the purpose.)
Some kind of organization, objecting to the Empire's rule, targeted the Great Festival of the Spirits as an attempt to undermine the Empire's authority—This was plausible, but the plan would be far too crude if that were the purpose.
Perhaps this would plunge the Academy in turmoil for the short term, but the Empire's knights stationed at the Academy town would quickly arrive and suppress the attack.
(If only as a show of force, they used seven militarized spirits as disposable pawns?)
...Considering the large number of militarized spirits being consumed, this plan would be far too absurd.
(There's most likely another goal—)
"Fianna, it's coming!"
Claire screamed acutely at this time.
After the fire went out, the militarized spirit slowly crawled back up and roared threateningly.
"As expected of a militarized spirit, that's quite sturdy of it!"
Claire began to chant spirit magic. A triple release of extra large Fireballs in succession.
—Direct hits on target. The flaming explosive shockwaves swept over the entire area.
"Wait, Claire, are you trying to blow up the entire school yard!?"
"I'm not done yet. This kind of half-baked attack won't destroy a militarized spirit—"
As though to prove Claire's point—
Amidst dancing flames, a pitch-black winged dragon flew out.
Ascending up into the sky all at once, it glided down, accompanied by furious howls.
"—I knew you'd do that!"
Claire swung Flametongue.
The crimson slashing whip traced out a complicated trajectory, wrapping around the dragon's wing.
The militarized spirit lost its balance in the air. However—
Urgh... Gah... Ohhhhhhhh—!
The militarized spirit gnawed and shredded its own single wing.
"What—"
Miasma of darkness flowed out from the wound, instantly growing a new jet-black wing.
"I can't believe it has regeneration powers!?"
Recovering its ability to fly, the militarized spirit tore through the air and rushed over again.
"T-Take this, I'll strike you down!"
In response, Claire frantically invoked fireball magic repeatedly, but her offensive power was clearly weaker when used without chanting. The flames were easily deflected by the miasma enveloping the winged dragon's body.
"...!"
The winged dragon's sharp claws swung down. In that instant...
"Freezing fangs of ice, go forth and pierce—Freezing Arrow!"
The militarized spirit's giant body was pierced by countless arrows of ice.
Struck by the sudden attack, the winged dragon fell to the ground, turned into a giant block of ice.
A great dust cloud was produced, accompanied by intense earthquakes and rumbling.
"Hmph, right at a critical crisis—"
Wielding the magical bow of ice, Rinslet rushed over from a hill.
"Rinslet... Uh, thanks a lot."
"Oh my, that's quite honest of you."
"S-Shut up! ...Are the other princess maidens okay?"
"They've been evacuated by the Sylphid Knights already."
"Okay. Then before the Empire's proper knights arrive, let's stall for time. Fianna, can you stand?"
"...Yes, I'm okay."
Pressing on her painful legs, Fianna stood up.
She really was saved by Claire's forcefulness in attitude.
(...I just need to do what is within my ability right now.)
Fianna chanted the words of summoning, calling forth the knight spirit Georgios.
With Fianna in charge of support in the center, the trio swiftly formed a triangular defensive formation.
At this moment—
"Don't go to the frontlines. Stay back and focus on supporting us."
"—Eh?"
Looking back, they saw the teachers of combat courses standing behind them.
"We have no right to be teachers if we let students shield us."
One of them, Freya, chuckled lightly.
"Hmph, it's been a while since I got some exercise. This reminds me of my days in the knights!"
"We shall protect the students of the Academy."
Wielding their respective elemental waffen, they glared at the militarized spirit.
Combat teachers were either former soldiers or participants of the Blade Dance. Even with some diminishing of divine power, their skills still rivaled those of spirit knights in active service.
"But Sensei—"
"Don't worry. We just need to stall for time until the Imperial Knights arrive."
Freya gently put her hand on Claire's head.
—Suddenly.
"Giggle giggle... Gathered together, gathered together. Foolish insects."
"...!?"
A cute voice, one that did not belong to the tragic battlefield, caused everyone to look around.
It was not a real person's voice. This was a magical voice sounding directly in one's mind.
"...That is?"
Freya looked upwards and murmured.
Looking up, a girl could be seen riding on the back of a militarized spirit circling in the sky above.
Her golden hair was fluttering in the wind. Dressed in a military uniform of pure white, she was looking down at the ground.
On her left eye was an eye patch that did not match her look as a beautiful young girl.
"W-Who are you!?"
Claire yelled at the girl.
"Millennia Sanctus."
The girl smiled and reached for the eye patch over her left eye.
"Sent to this world—The Evangelist bringing prophesies of the end times."
The girl took off the eye patch, revealing the eye.
—Instantly, Fianna felt an intense chill down her spine.
(That's...!)
Even at this distance, it was clear from a single glance. Residing in that girl's eye was—
"...That child's eye, no way—"
Possessing outstanding potential like Fianna as a princess maiden, Claire also seemed to have noticed.
They noticed that what the entity residing in the girl's eye was.
"...Yes. It's the same as what we saw in the sanctuary of the Elemental Lords."
Fianna gasped and whispered.
Eating away at the Elemental Lords' minds, causing them to go insane, the Otherworldly Darkness.
Why was something like that inhabiting the girl's eye?
A scream suddenly came from behind.
Freya's and the other teacher's elemental waffen had released their waffen state at the same time and started attacking their own contractors.
"The spirits are going crazy!"
"I won't let them... Go forth and pierce, Ice Prison that freezes everything!"
Rinslet hastily released a hail of magical ice arrows.
Spirits that were struck were instantly locked away in prisons of magical ice.
"Heh, splendid. Seeing this eye without going berserk, your spirits."
Millennia Sanctus smiled tenderly.
"—As expected, you must have seen that inside the sanctuary of the Elemental Lords."
The expanding body of the militarized spirit exploded.
High-density miasma of darkness was spreading, slowly covering the roof tops in the streets.
"Self-destructed!?" "W-What, what's going on!?"
"Iriga, Tissier, do not recklessly get close to it!"
Ellis hastily shouted.
—However, she was a step too late. Contaminated by the dark miasma, their elemental waffen turned into spirits and attacked the knights, their own contractors.
"Uwahhhhh!" "No way, why—"
"...I will not allow this!"
Ellis swung Ray Hawk, flooring the berserk spirits.
The spirits turned into particles of light and dissipated in the air.
"Captain—"
"Relax. I did not kill your spirits."
"...Y-Yes. Thank goodness."
Pressing on their wounds from being bitten by their own spirits, the knights sat down where they stood.
"Are you okay? Allow me to have a look—"
Chanting healing incantations, Lurie healed all the wounds.
"Ellis, what's that?"
Seeing that, Kamito asked.
"..."
With solemn eyes, Ellis glared at the spreading darkness—
"...Could that be the darkness that is corrupting the Elemental Lords? But why—"
She murmured softly to herself.
—Just at this moment...
"Captain, it's the Imperial Knights!"
One knight pointed to the other end of the sky.
A squad of spirit knights in silver armor was hurrying towards the Academy city, driving a giant spirit.
Glasya-Labolas—A heavily-armed giant spirit tuned for use against large spirits.
They were planning to use a militarized spirit to get rid of the attackers all at once.
However—
"...Oh no!"
Ellis's scream resounded through the air in vain.
The giant spirit swung its fist at one of the militarized spirits.
Instantly the militarized spirit exploded again.
The released miasma of darkness swallowed the giant spirit and the squad of spirit knights.
"...How could this happen...!?"
Sounds of despair escaped from Ellis.
Swallowed by darkness, the giant spirit howled violently and started destroying surrounding buildings.
"Guh, damn it—"
"Hold on, Ellis!"
Seeing Ellis holding Ray Hawk, intending to rush over all on her own, Kamito frantically stopped her.
"Kamito, do not stop me. I will—"
"You won't succeed on your own."
Kamito said.
Indeed, Ellis's power far surpassed the level of students.
However, defeating a militarized spirit single-handedly was absurd.
"B-But at this rate, the town as well as our school will—"
"—I'll do it."
Kamito drew the sword from his waist.
"Since this sword is a normal weapon, even if it touches the darkness, it won't go berserk, right?"
"I-Idiot!"
Ellis roared loudly.
"Even for you, how could you do anything to a militarized spirit with nothing more than an ordinary sword!? Besides, you are currently far from peak condition—"
"—But, I must protect."
—This was a feeling that even Kamito found strange himself.
Whether this town, this Academy or people's lives, for Kamito in his amnesiac state, he should not care about what happened to them. The Kamito back in the Instructional School would surely think that.
Back then, Kamito cared little even for his own life.
Wanting to protect something, wanting to protect someone, these feelings had never been felt.
Never been felt—That was supposed to be the case.
...But no, he could understand.
His current self was not the one from the time at the Instructional School.
The feelings of the pre-amnesiac Kamito were definitely lingering somewhere in the depths of his mind, resulting in this notion of wanting to protect this town, this Academy and the young ladies who were his companions.
(...Yes, to protect. I absolutely will—)
—Because I promised, I promised to protect them well.
"...Kamito?"
Ellis watched Kamito with a surprised look on her face.
"Eh... Huh...?"
Tears fell to his feet.
"...Me... Why am I... crying...?"
Kamito muttered in shock.
He was not feeling sad. Nevertheless, tears were inexplicably spilling out, unstoppable.
...Incomprehensible. Why exactly was he crying? For whom was he crying?
However, inexplicably, he was able to imagine his reason for crying.
(...Yes. I must—)
I must have said that before.
—Towards a certain precious person, I promised to protect you.
But I failed.
I lost a certain precious someone.
Yes, probably—
—Kamito, I am waiting here.
—Waiting for you, Kamito, to return after fulfilling her promise.
That silver-white-haired girl had said that in the dream.
The promise with her—
"I—"
Kamito gripped his sword's hilt harder.
"Kamito-kun—"
Seeing Kamito like that, Lurie spoke up.
"So long as you have the will, there is nothing precious that you can't protect."
"...Yeah. I know."
"But you should possess enough power to protect."
"Dame Lurie, could it be that—"
Ellis suddenly came to a realization.
"—Your Demon Slayer possesses the strongest magic resistance. By my guess, even sufficient to resist that rampaging darkness."
"...Yeah."
Kamito concurred, staring at the seal on his right hand.
"B-But, if you lose control, Kamito, you will—"
"Yes, the risk does exist. But is there any other method to break through the current situation?"
"Well—"
As soon as she started speaking, Ellis found herself searching for words. But she had a point.
"What are you going to do, Kamito-kun?"
"—Go get my sword back."
There was no time to hesitate. Kamito acted decisively.
The girl with silver-white-hair had appeared in his dreams.
He felt certain that once she was retrieved, he would be able to protect this town.
"Time considerations?"
"The path leading to the underground facility should be connected to the Imperial Knights' third garrison point. Walking there on foot will take some time, but flying there should be quick."
Lurie turned her gaze to Ellis.
"...Understood. I will escort you two there. Team Froza will guide the crowd to evacuate."
"You can count on us!"
The girls answered, thumping their chests.
Ellis chanted a wind spell, resulting in swirling whirlwind.
"—Kamito, we are gambling everything on you."
"—Right. The Gate on the forest's side should be opened too. Transfer people to Astral Zero."
At the meeting room on the school building's third floor—
Greyworth was using a communication spirit crystal to issue orders to teachers.
Outside the window, the Sylphid Knights could be seen guiding the evacuating crowds. Using the Gate located at the forest, students and visitors should be able to take refuge in a safe place for now.
"...How troublesome. To think it's the type that causes contracted spirits to go mad."
Standing by the window, Virrey Branford grumbled while firing her handgun.
The targeted crow-shaped spirit was blown away and destroyed.
The winged dragon militarized spirits were not the only threats.
Infected with madness, numerous spirits were attacking the school building.
Students and teachers had already left the school building to evacuate, hence Virrey was the only one protecting Greyworth. Also, because bullets with sealed spirits could not be used, she had to use a type of gun that shot out her divine power directly. Although there was no worry of spirits going mad, the consumption of stamina was quite pronounced.
"—I've seen that type of militarized spirit before."
Greyworth murmured at this time.
"The Nazgul series—an old type of spirit used for base assaults. Still in use until during the Second Ranbal War, two units were destroyed in battle. The remaining seven were sealed and abandoned, falling into the hands of Murders during the chaotic aftermath of the war, according to rumors."
"My, that's quite some detailed knowledge."
"Because I've infiltrated Murders before."
"Does this type have the ability to make spirits go mad?"
"No, even as militarized spirits, their power level can only be said to be mediocre. It's absolutely unheard of for militarized spirits to possess this kind of ability."
Virrey shook her head. Greyworth stared out the window and shrugged.
"If I had my elemental waffe, this level of militarized spirit could be instantly obliterated."
The Dusk Witch's personal sword, the Stormbringer, was a high-level demon spirit minion.
Also, a demon spirit, mad to begin with, could not go berserk.
"If your power was still intact, then this kind of terrorist attack wouldn't have happened in the first place."
"—Hmph, that's true too."
Greyworth nodded with a wry smile.
Indeed. Only a small number of people in the Empire knew that she had lost the power of spirit contracts. —Nevertheless, the mastermind behind the terrorist attack clearly knew that Greyworth had lost her power. Also, the terrorist attack made use of the ritual in the Great Festival of the Spirits, thus implying that there was undoubtedly a traitor in the Academy.
"Dame Greyworth, are you suspecting there's a traitor?"
"Of course. Given this kind of situation."
Greyworth pushed her glasses frame up slightly.
"Dame Virrey, do you know something about it?"
"The imperial family has also learned of a traitor among the Empire's top echelons. Now that things have come to this, I'll be blunt. The imperial family did suspect you of being a traitor at one point."
Virrey stared out the window while answering.
"Dame Lurie's protection and Kazehaya Kamito's surveillance are just the superficial mission. My true mission is to spy on you."
"Oh, and so?"
Greyworth asked, looking quite amused. Virrey shrugged.
"At least in this particular matter, you are innocent. Without my protection, you'd have died already. Although there are unidentified funds flowing into the Academy, well, that's not under my jurisdiction anyway."
"You're excellent, you know? You really make me feel like recruiting you as my subordinate."
Greyworth smiled wryly.
"For you who are so excellent, I have a favor to ask."
"No need for favors. I will protect you well. After all, it's part of the mission."
"No, not me. Could you protect the lad?"
"Kazehaya Kamito?"
"...Open up, a paaaaaaaath!"
Releasing a tornado, Ellis blew away the rampaging spirits.
"Found it, over there—"
The Imperial Knights' third garrison point was a facility neighboring the Academy town's outer wall. Ellis stopped in midair and took Kamito and Lurie to land at the center of the garrison point.
The parade ground, opened for people to take refuge, was already packed completely.
There were three spirit knights stationed here with roughly fifty ordinary soldiers. Apparently, the spirit knights had already mobilized to engage the militarized spirits in battle and were therefore not present.
"Y-You, what are you doing so suddenly?"
A sword-wielding male soldier ran over frantically.
...Well, this was a sudden landing from the air after all. Being treated as someone suspicious was only natural.
"I am the captain of Areishia Spirit Academy's Sylphid Knights, Ellis Fahrengart. I request the Imperial Knights' assistance."
"...Assistance huh?"
Realizing he was facing the Fahrengart family's daughter, the soldier's attitude changed.
"Yes. I hope to enter the old military installation underground."
"...The old military installation? Why on earth at this time—"
"This is necessary precisely to change the current situation."
"B-But even for Duke Fahrengart's granddaughter, without authorization—"
"Okay, that's enough. Excuse me—"
Lurie stepped forward and lightly touched the soldier's forehead—
"Could you lead us to the entrance to the underground facility?"
"...Roger that. Come this way please."
The soldier nodded expressionlessly and immediately started walking silently.
"The authority of Numbers has taken effect eh?"
"...No, what took effect was probably your magic—"
Commenting snidely with his eyes half-narrowed, Kamito followed Lurie and Ellis behind the soldier.
The entrance to the underground facility was located inside a massive weapon storage.
However, the entrance was sealed securely by a massive stone tablet with spirit language carved on it.
"Dame Lurie, this is a seal of the highest level—"
"Don't worry. Leave it to me."
Lurie lightly touched the stone tablet's surface.
Next, the spirit language carvings glowed faintly and the stone tablet opened up immediately.
A metal staircase, covered with rust stains, extended forward into bottomless darkness.
"Amazing..."
"This is nothing. The Numbers are bestowed with the authority to lift seals up to Level 3."
Lurie chuckled then lit a magical light on her fingertip and started down the stairs.
"I-It is dangerous! Allow me to go first—"
Wielding Ray Hawk, Ellis hastily rushed to the front.
Drip, drip, drip—
Kamito's group walked along the passage to the underground facility amidst sounds of water dripping.
Unattended for decades, the underground facility was very decrepit already. The ceiling had collapsed in many places, forming piles of debris.
"The air is very musty, almost as though it was left behind from the darkness of the Ranbal War."
Walking in front, Ellis gave her comment.
"To me, this actually feels nostalgic instead."
Kamito was long used to this kind of suffocating atmosphere.
The presence of death, impossible to dispel—Just like at the Instructional School.
"Research on Cursed Armament Seals was apparently conducted here."
"No way, Cursed Armament Seal research took place even underground below the sacred Academy?"
"Students from over there were apparently used for experiments. Of course, they were volunteers."
Hearing Lurie's words, Ellis bit her lip with a complicated expression on her face.
"Why didn't the Empire scrap that kind of place?"
"Probably impossible to scrap due to its sheer size. This was a facility originally rebuilt from ancient ruins. Most likely, even in the army itself, no one knows fully how large it actually is—"
At this moment, walking in front, Ellis stopped in the center of a spacious hall.
"—Over here. The coordinates for the temple above ground."
"Here?"
Kamito looked around the temple's hall, all surrounded by walls of rock.
"I don't see anything?"
There was nothing except abandoned experimental apparatus and piles of debris.
There was not a single sign of the Demon Slayer.
"Does your spirit seal have any reaction?"
"..."
Kamito closed his eyes and focused his attention to the spirit seal on his right hand.
"It feels like I can sense a presence..."
"Don't worry. The Burial Chamber is a magical and special dimension and does not exist at physical coordinates—So, it will appear so long as you have a need for it."
"So long as I have a need for it...?"
Hearing Lurie's calm explanation, Kamito felt a strange sense of dissonance and turned his head to look back.
"Yes, for example—"
Lurie smiled tenderly.
"When it senses that your life is in danger, yes?"
"—Eh?"
In the next instant, a blade stabbed into Kamito's chest.

"...Gah... Huff—"
The black blade was dyed with blood.
Kamito watched in shock as this sword stabbed into his own heart's location.
"Luri...e... Why...?"
"Sorry, Kamito-kun."
She smiled with a troubled expression.
As though feeling sadness from the bottom of her heart.
Whoosh—She swiftly pulled out the sword held in her hand.
"Ughh... A-Ahhhhhhh...!"
A great amount of blood gushed out, dyeing Kamito's uniform red all over.
With that, he collapsed on his knees.
(...What? What on earth happened?)
Unable to grasp the situation. Why did she—
"—Kamito!"
In the underground hall, Ellis's scream was heard.
She rushed over to Kamito who was collapsed in a pool of blood, pressing a healing spirit crystal against him.
The sacred light of healing enveloped Kamito's entire body—
"It's useless. Wounds inflicted by this sword cannot be healed by something of that sort."
However, a cold voice came from behind.
Holding the bloodstained sword, she looked down at the two of them indifferently.
"Dame Lurie...!"
Ellis looked back and readied Ray Hawk in a stance to protect Kamito.
Her dark-brown eyes were filled with intense rage.
"Why did you do something like this..!? You, why on earth—"
"Please put your weapon away, Ellis. I have no interest in killing an unrelated girl."
Lurie spoke coldly while flinging the blood off the jet-black blade.
"Didn't I say already? Obtaining the Demon Slayer is my lord's wish."
"...Est?"
Ellis spoke while glaring at her angrily.
"Est is Kamito's contracted spirit. She can't possibly be taken away—"
"It's possible. Given Kamito-kun's current condition."
Saying that, Lurie reached out into empty space.
(...Wh...at...?)
Something resembling a crack appeared in a space where nothing existed earlier.
On the other side of the crack, several flashing geometric patterns appeared.
"The Burial Chamber—As expected, it reacted to the Demon King's life and death crisis."
"Burial... Chamber... Come again?"
In his hazy consciousness, Kamito muttered.
"The treasure vault inherited by the legitimate Demon King. In actual fact, I didn't want to resort to such violent means to begin with, but given your current state, Kamito-kun, there's no way you could open the Burial Chamber through your own will, is there?"
Lurie continued while reaching into the crack in space.
"The Demon Slayer is being kept in the Burial Chamber in its materialized form and currently with its connection to Kamito-kun interrupted. This is a perfect opportunity to intervene."
"...Could it be that those militarized spirits, you are the one!?"
Ellis cried out with an expression of trepidation.
Was it that in order to distract the Imperial Knights and lead Kamito to this place where Est was sealed, a large-scale act of terrorism was perpetrated—
"Tampering with the princess's magic circle was not difficult. Neither Greyworth nor Virrey ever suspected me, one of the Numbers, of being the traitor."
"...Dame Lurie, as the noblest healer, why did you—"
"Didn't I say so already? Because my lord wishes to obtain the sacred sword."
She pulled her hand out from the crack in space.
Held in her hand was a sword bound by countless chains.
(That... is...!)
Kamito recognized instinctively.
That sword was the girl he had seen in his dream—the Demon Slayer.
"—Thank you for your generosity, Kamito-kun."
Lurie pulled the sword out with her slender arm.
"W-Wait up!"
Seeing that, Ellis yelled loudly and swung Ray Hawk.
This was a completely merciless strike. However—
Lurie's figure vanished. In the next instant, accompanied by a dull and heavy sound similar to bone being crushed, Ellis was easily sent flying into one of the rock surfaces.
"Ell...is...!"
"You would do well to value your life more. I won't hold back from a killing move next time."
Swinging the Demon Slayer in her left hand in an experienced manner, she taunted.
(What's going on... That power...)
Lying in a pool of blood, Kamito could not help but groan.
As a healer, Lurie Lizaldia should be unversed in swordsmanship.
However, the skill she had just displayed was on the level of a knight's swordsmanship—in fact, that of a sword master.
Was the impression she had given off until now all an act for the sake of concealing her true power—
"Farewell, Kamito-kun. Most likely, we shall never meet again—"
The Numbers woman turned her heels and walked towards the darkness.
The crack in space closed up and the surroundings were plunged into darkness once more.
"Wait... Wait..."
As though trying to grab the gradually distant Demon Slayer, Kamito reached out with a trembling hand.
But it was not enough. He failed to protect again.
(I... have once again—)
As blood loss continued, his consciousness gradually grew distant.
Just as he was about to lose consciousness, Kamito yelled.
As if pleading to the departing sword one last time to make it stay.
(...Please, Est... Lend to me, lend me enough power to protect!)
—Just at this moment.
The seal on his extended right hand gave off powerful light.
"Teachers, please retreat—"
Saying that, Fianna commanded Georgios, wielding his shield, to advance.
"B-But—"
In the middle of her sentence, Freya stopped talking.
Under conditions of contracted spirits going mad, the teachers were only a liability.
"...Understood. Your spirits are okay?"
"Yes, apparently so—"
Scarlet, Fenrir and Georgios—These three spirits remained sane and maintained their elemental waffen states. As for whether it was because these three were high-level spirits or for some other reason, the answer was currently unknown—
Using magic to create shadows by her feet, Freya picked up wounded teachers and disappeared into the shadows.
Taking the place of the departed teachers, Claire rushed forward, wielding Flametongue.
"—Take this and turn into charcoal!"
A crimson slash traced out an arc, producing a wall of flame on the ground.
"—Fufu, that kind of fire cannot stop Nazgul, you know?"
Riding on the back of a winged dragon, Millennia Sanctus smiled with a chuckle.
The militarized spirit's roar shook the atmosphere, blowing out the burning flames.
"—That's Dispel, it neutralizes ordinary spirit magic!"
Fianna issued a warning.
"...Then how about this!?"
Claire closed her eyes and injected her imagination into Flametongue in her hand.
She injected images of the strongest flames that incinerated all creation to naught.
"Namely, the true flame beyond this world—End of Vermillion!"
Flametongue instantly glowed red and produced a howling tempest.
—Flames that existed in neither Astral Zero nor the human realm.
The power of the true flame, passed down the Elstein lineage, was added to Scarlet.
The slash, glowing with crimson light, instantly destroyed a militarized spirit's wing.
"Heh, so that is the Flame usurped by the Elstein's princess maiden—"
Millennia's lips distorted into a grin.
"That which Volcanicus desired greatly."
"You know about this flame!?"
Claire exclaimed in shock. Who exactly was this girl—
"But it's useless unless you can use that power properly."
Millennia chanted an incantation. A sword of light appeared in the girl's hand and was fired towards Claire.
Manifesting the true flame required extreme concentration. Maintaining the flames with all her effort, Claire evaded a step too late.
—Immediately, numerous swords of light struck Claire all over her body.
"...Tsk, ahhh... Guh...!"
"—Fenrir!"
Rinslet gave orders. Instantly, the magic bow of ice turned into a direwolf. Fenrir took a mighty leap, used its mouth to pick up Claire by the nape and pulled her back to retreat.
"Thanks for saving me, good doggy."
Enduring the pain from all over her body, Claire stumbled and stood up. Any disruption to her concentration would likely cause the True Flame to extinguish. The enemy saw through her weakness completely.
"Claire, don't go at it recklessly on your own."
Rinslet released the magic bow again and shot a series of arrows to pin down the enemy.
However, for militarized spirits possessing high magic resistance, the cursed ice did not have any obvious effect.
—Just at this moment, scattered in three directions, the militarized spirits' bodies expanded—
Black breath was then exhaled.
"O knight, protect thy vassals—Save the Queen!"
Fianna instantly released her elemental waffe of the rapier.
A shield of light appeared all around, deflecting the dark breath—
(...Could this be the Otherworldly Darkness as well!?)
But the shield of light, which was logically supposed to neutralize the darkness attribute, was slowly being eroded and weakened.
"Fufu, how much longer can you endure?"
Millennia Sanctus smiled in mockery.
"No way—"
Lurie Lizaldia's face showed wavering for the first time.
"...That sword... is my... sword—"
Kamito stood up unsteadily from the pool of blood.
Not to the point of being all covered in wounds, but Kamito felt quite incredible that he was still conscious.
His right hand dangled powerlessly. Branded on the back of that hand, the spirit seal flashed intensely.
As though crying in lamentation.
"The connection to the sword spirit should have been interrupted completely—"
Unbelievable—Making a face that expressed that, Lurie gasped.
The Demon Slayer in her hand showed almost no change at all.
But Kamito knew.
That sword was calling for Kamito.
Terminus Est—The girl with silver-white hair whom he had seen in his dream—
With a trembling hand, Kamito drew the sword at his waist, glaring murderously at Lurie.
"Lurie... That sword, give me... Return it...!"
Hence—
"...Kamito-kun, you really scare me."
Lurie stabbed the Demon Slayer into the ground.
"There is still value in using you, so I didn't want to kill you originally—"
Then she raised her other hand, holding the jet-black sword.
"But if you continue to live, you could very well end up a hindrance to that person."
Instantly, the murderous intent given off Lurie Lizaldia brushed past Kamito's skin.
This dense aura of murderous intent was enough to cause an intense chill down one's spine.
"...Is that thing your elemental waffe?"
The jet-black sword gave off an ominous aura. No matter how you looked, it did not look like it carried the holy attribute.
"Mournblade—a minion that's a pure demon spirit."
Lurie injected divine power, causing countless blood vessels to pop up on the demon sword's blade surface.
This strange appearance, resembling a hybrid between metal and a living creature, caused Kamito to gasp.
"A holy spirit and a demon spirit—A double contractor huh."
Double contractors were not particularly rare in themselves. However, due to the instabilities in divine power caused by contracts with multiple spirits, almost no one used it officially.
Furthermore, Kamito never expected one of the spirits to be a demon spirit which could not be commanded without special talents.
"Poor Kamito-kun. At least, you shall become food for this child."
Lurie licked the demon sword's blade.
"—Don't underestimate an Instructional School's assassin."
Saying that, Kamito kicked the ground forcefully. Staying conscious under his condition of blood loss was very hard. Unlike a blade dance of clashing swords, he had to end things in an instant.
(—I'll end this battle with this one strike!)
Kamito poured as much divine power as possible into the Sylphid Knights' sword—the sword of mithril.
Massive divine power flowed out from the lamenting seal on his right hand.
Lurie Lizaldia swung her demon sword—So fast!
Confronted with the demon sword, approaching before his eyes—Kamito did not evade but stepped forward bravely and decisively.
Assassination technique—Flashing Fang.
Enveloped in divine power, the mithril slid over the demon sword's blade, making a beeline for her throat—!
But the flashing murderous blade—
Was eaten by the demon sword's blade.
"...Wh...at!?"
Lurie narrowed her eyes and recited:
"—O Mournblade suck the Demon King's blade to your heart's content."
The demon sword's blade writhed like a creature, instantly swallowing the mithril sword. Next, the gluttonous demon sword extended blood vessel-like tentacles, biting Kamito's throat.
"...Guh... A-Ahhhh, ahhhhhh...!"
Numerous teeth appeared on the demon sword's tentacles, gradually stealing Kamito's blood—
(Damn... it... I... will...)
Losing brightness in the seal, his right hand dangled vertically.
Just at this moment...
"—Let go, Kamitoooooooooo!"
A yell was heard.
Recovering consciousness, Ellis charged Lurie to engage at close range, making a thrust with her full strength.
"Tsk...!"
Lurie clicked her tongue briefly and withdrew the demon sword.
Without letting go of that opening, Ellis desperately launched a forceful offensive.
In the darkness, intense sparks splashed about.
"...Ellis—"
"Kamito, I will absolutely protect you!"
While she yelled, Ray Hawk's spear tip gave off dazzling light.
"Please endure—Simorgh!"
"...A waffe release!?"
Lurie exclaimed in surprise.
This was a skill to deliberately make the elemental waffe go berserk in exchange for power transcending limits.
An astounding storm was released from the spear's tip, howling in the subterranean hall.
"Hahhhhhhhh!"
"...Damn, this..."
Lurie was being pushed away by the violent wind pressure.
Slight anxiety crept onto her face—
"I already warned you, the next time will be a killing move—"
Mournblade's tip flew straight at Ellis, piercing the heart's location.
However—
"...Guh... Ow, ahhhhhhhhh...!"
"Wh...at...!?"
Despite having her heart pierced, Ellis continued to pour divine power into her elemental waffe.
The howling tempest turned into numerous blades, slashing Lurie's vestments open.
"...Ell...is...!"
"Kamito... Now, hurry and... escape...!"
"...!"
—Throb.
Suddenly, Kamito felt a bout of pain in his head.
This scene gave Kamito a sense of deja vu.
A sword stabbed into the chest. In order to protect Kamito, the girl who sacrificed her life and disappeared.
Gorgeous black hair. A dress in the color of night. Eyes where dusk resided.
—Throb. Throb.
Kamito felt cracks appearing over his sealed memories.
The sealed and suppressed emotions were gushing out as though a dam had ruptured.
—Throb. Throb. Throb. Throb.
(...Yes, right... Recall, Kazehaya Kamito!)
While crawling on the ground, Kamito clenched his fist tightly.
Before him, a girl was pitting her life in a fight to protect Kamito.
For the sake of protecting this noble, serious and awkward knight...
(I don't want to lose anything anymore. I don't want to lose—)
Kamito infused divine power into the spirit seal on his right hand.
Sparks splashed out intensely. The sword spirit's power of steel was flowing in reverse.
At this rate, it was probably going to run out of control again. However—
Gathering his remaining willpower, Kamito suppressed it.
Then he faced the fragments of memories sealed in the depths of his consciousness.
Reaching out towards those fragments, he cried out.
(So please, return my memories—Restia!)
Instantly, his consciousness turned blank.
Surrounded by endless emptiness that stretched on to who knows where—
A girl's figure surfaced.
Beautiful, jet-black wings. A cute girl dressed in a dress the color of night.
Dusk-colored eyes. Gazing at Kamito as though in a dilemma, she smiled.
"...You remember everything now, Kamito."
"Yeah."
Kamito nodded in response.
—Yes, the instant he called out her name, Kamito remembered everything.
What had happened at the sanctuary of the Elemental Lords. In order to save Kamito whose consciousness was being possessed by Darkness Elemental Lord Ren Ashdoll, Restia had sacrificed herself and was destroyed.
(...I killed her, by my own hand.)
The girl, whom he had promised back in his childhood days to protect her—
He had killed her by his own hand.
Hence, the girl appearing before his eyes now could not be Restia.
Most likely, she was—
"Restia sent to my consciousness, her psyche?"
"Correct—"
Saying that, she gently caressed the back of Kamito's right hand.
Est's emblem of the intersecting swords. Carved over that, the emblem of the moon was Restia's.
"...Stay here, forever, Restia."
"What a troubling guy you are. It wasn't easy making you forget."
Restia before him was making a complicated expression, unclear whether she was laughing or crying.
"You sealed my memories to prevent me from despairing."
"If I remained forgotten, perhaps you could have lived on in peace as a normal human rather than the Demon King—"
"...Possibly."
In fact, his life in the Academy during his amnesia was not bad at all. Quite delightful. Supposing he remained in memory loss, perhaps he could continue to live that sort of ordinary school life.
"But you chose to retrieve your memories—By your own will."
"That's what you must have believed as well. You believed I will open the seal of my memories myself."
"...Yes. Indeed, I did hope for that."
Restia smiled and gently embraced Kamito, kissing him on the cheek.
Clad in her dress of darkness, she was beginning to dissipate like mist.
"I am here, Kamito. Undoubtedly here in your heart—"
"Yeah, I know."
She was there, supporting Kamito's heart.
Kamito tightened his embrace of the gradually disappearing darkness spirit girl and said his farewell.
"...Guh... Ah..."
While Ellis collapsed like a stringless puppet, the howling storm disappeared as a result.
"...Seriously, what a pain."
Pulling out the demon sword from Ellis's chest, Lurie wiped off the splattered blood.
Things were taking longer than expected. Millennia Sanctus was probably impatient, waiting above ground.
Glancing at the two, collapsed on the ground, Lurie turned around and left.
Walking towards the Demon Slayer stabbed into the ground, she reached out to draw it.
Crack—
"What!?"
Lurie frantically pulled her hand back.
As soon as she touched the hilt, her left hand had suddenly turned into stone.
"The sacred sword's curse!? Why—"
At this moment, she sensed someone standing up behind her.
"Sorry. I guess she doesn't want to be touched by anyone apart from me."
"...Impossible, you shouldn't be able to stand—"
Lurie cried out in shock.
But soon, she quickly noticed. Kamito's expression had changed.
"—Yeah. I remember now, everything."
Kamito reached out lightly in the air.
In that direction was the Demon Slayer, stabbed into the ground.
With a light clench of his fist, the chains wrapped around the blade were blown away, one after another.
"...Sorry to make you wait."
Then Kamito spoke:
"—Come, Est!"
Responding to his words, the sword embedded in the ground vanished.
Immediately, a dazzling flash of light erupted before Kamito's eyes and a young girl appeared.
Shining, silver-white hair. Violet eyes of mystery.
Her legs covered by kneesocks, this body was as adorable as a snow fairy's.
The sword spirit—Terminus Est.
Kamito's contracted spirit, the best partner.
"—Sorry you had to wait so long, Est."
"Yes. I have waited a long time, Kamito."
Est nodded, then she hugged Kamito's arm tightly.
Instantly, Kamito felt his body become as sturdy and resilient as steel.
This was the blessing conferred on his physical body once the connection with his contracted spirit was restored.
"Ellis, it's okay now. You retreat first."
Saying that, Kamito went up and shielded Ellis behind him.
"Kamito, y-you are seriously... fine?"
Ellis murmured with worry.
She did not mean his health but was worrying about the recovery of his memory.
"...Yeah."
Kamito nodded slightly and stared at the spirit seal on his right hand.
Restia had left her psyche within Kamito's.
This was to allow Kamito to retrieve his memories when he desired power by his own will.
Even if to respond to Restia's intentions, now was not the time for despair.
Because having the courage to confront despair and take action—That was her wish.
(...Restia is here. Right in my heart.)
As though responding to Kamito's voice, the moon's emblem flashed with light.
"...I see."
Seeing this, Lurie groaned in her throat.
"You and that sword spirit, your hearts are as one—"
Wielding the pulsating Mournblade in both hands, she glared coldly at Kamito.
"The Demon Slayer—If it cannot be taken, I have no choice but to destroy it."
Instantly, the demon sword's blade produced countless tentacles, biting Lurie's own body.
"...Wha!?"
"O demon spirit Mournblade, feed on my blood, turn into my strength!"
Thud—The demon sword pulsated strongly.
The tentacles wrapped around her gradually expanded, fully sucking Lurie's blood.
The demon sword's blade was dyed with the color of blood while divine power expanded rapidly—!
"Kamito, that's dangerous."
"Seems like it..."
Kamito licked his lips and muttered.
The demon sword exuded great pressure, rivaling Greyworth's Stormbringer.
Most likely, Lurie intended to decide the battle with this attack.
But that suited Kamito's intentions just fine—
"We're up, Est."
"Yes. I am your sword, your wish is my command—"
Hold Est's hand, Kamito chanted the words of releasing.
—Dispassionate Queen of Steel, the sacred sword that destroys evil!
—Now form a sword of steel and be the power in my hand!
Est's body vanished into thin air, immediately, a shining blade of steel manifested in Kamito's hand.
Possessing the alias of the Demon Slayer, the strongest sword spirit.
On the blade's surface, there was roving jet-black lightning.
"...This is!?"
Kamito widened his eyes. Suddenly, he heard Est's voice in his mind.
—The darkness spirit allowed me to inherit part of her power.
—She told me to use this power to protect you, Kamito.
"...Restia huh?"
Kamito realized and cast his gaze upon the Demon Slayer's blade.
On the flat of the blade, the sword was engraved with spirit language.
This was its proof as the legitimate Demon King's weapon of choice, selected by Restia Ashdoll as the Demon King's guide.
On a foundation of steel's affinity, inheriting the power of darkness, its name was—
The Demon King's Sword—Terminus Est Zwei.
The engravings of spirit language flashed intensely, releasing sword pressure that shook the atmosphere.
At the same time, Lurie Lizaldia roared.
"Soul devouring king of demon swords, slaughter mine enemies—Bloody Strike!"
Dyed with fresh blood, the bulging crimson blade gave off a great scream that sounded like metallic friction.
Carrying massive miasma, the mass of divine power was released towards Kamito.
"...Kamito!"
Ellis screamed out, but Kamito stood his ground, readying his sword to take the attack head on—
"Go forth and pierce, all-annihilating demon lightning of punishment—Vorpal Blast!"
Enveloped in jet-black lightning, the Demon King's Sword was swung horizontally.
This was the demon sword technique converting one's own divine power into the darkness attribute.
At the same time, it was the prided technique of the Strongest Blade Dancer three years ago—Ren Ashbell.
Amplified by Terminus Est, the demon lightning of darkness vaporized the ground, clashing head on with the crimson divine power that Lurie had shot out.
The expanding divine powers resisted each other in midair, stopping.
The ground surface was being dug up, causing countless pieces of shattered rubble to swirl in the great hall.
"...Ohhhhhhhhhhhh!"
Kamito roared, pouring as much divine power as he could into the Demon Slayer.
The appearing emblem of the moon and sword gave off dazzling light.
"—Defeat is impossible!"
"Wh...at...!"
Lurie Lizaldia's expression distorted. Instantly—
The demon lightning of darkness forced the crimson divine power back—
In this manner, it devoured Lurie's body completely.
As the rampaging lightning strike subsided, after the billowing dust cloud settled—
"...I won... huh...?"
Exhaling, Kamito lowered his sword and muttered.
There was no one in front of him in this space. Everything had been annihilated without trace.
This was the result of releasing the sealed Est's power all at once. No holding back or mercy at all. Since this was not Astral Zero, it was possible that Lurie was charred into ash. However—
—No, I believe she escaped.
Est's voice was heard in his mind at this time.
"...Really?"
...Due to having that kind of premonition inexplicably, Kamito was not surprised. Although it was a shame that she escaped, there were more important things right now.
Looking back, Kamito held the collapsed Ellis's hand. There was a great amount of blood flowing from her chest.
"Ellis... Damn it..."
Kamito was unable to use healing spirit magic. Although the sword spirit possessed the blessing of steel, its effects were limited to his body only.
"Kami...to, I am fine... Hurry, head over to the others..."
Ellis groaned feebly. She looked like she was about to lose consciousness.
"How can I abandon you in this state!? At least I have to give first aid treatment—"
Just at this moment...
"—Is that Kazehaya Kamito over there?"
"...!?"
Kamito turned his head to face the voice's direction, only to see Virrey emerging from the darkness.
Seeing Kamito and Ellis, she quickly understood the situation.
"...I never expected Dame Lurie to be the traitor."
"Yeah. The Umbra's investigative skills aren't so hot after all."
"...I can't refute that."
Surprisingly, Virrey admitted honestly. She took out a healing spirit crystal from her pocket.
"Why are you here?"
"On Greyworth's orders. To take you over."
"...That old hag really loves ordering people around."
Kamito sighed. Holding the Demon Slayer, he stood up.
"Kamito, use my demon wind spirit."
In response, still collapsed on the ground, Ellis spoke to Kamito.
She released her elemental waffe and a giant demon bird immediately appeared. The majority of spirits aligned to the wind attribute were capable of autonomous action to some extent even without their contractor by their side.
"...My comrades... The Academy, please."
"...Yeah, don't worry."
Kamito nodded lightly and grasped the feet of the demon wind spirit as it spread its wings.
"No good, the barrier can't be sustained anymore—!"
Fianna cried out. Corroded by darkness, Save the Queen was about to vanish. The winged dragon spewed out Otherworldly Darkness that flowed down the hill area and gushed forth.
"Fufu, it's useless. Be devoured by darkness just like that—Hmm?"
Suddenly, Millennia Sanctus frowned.
She looked up in the air and was rendered speechless. Claire and the girls also turned their gazes up—
Only to see a demon bird spreading its massive wings, flying overhead.
"...That's Ellis's demon wind spirit!?"
Claire cried out. Furthermore, holding onto its feet was—
"K-Kamito!" "Kamito-san!?" "Kamito-kun!"
"—Sorry for making you all wait."
Yelling at the same time, Kamito released his grip on the demon wind spirit.
Holding the Demon Slayer, he descended from the air. Swinging the tip of his blade down, he smashed the head of one of the militarized spirits.
Gahhhhhhhhh!
Having lost its head, the militarized spirit's giant body collapsed, struggling on the ground, disappearing into thin air.
"One down huh—"
Flinging away the darkness stuck to the blade, Kamito muttered.
"Kamito, your memory is back!"
"Yeah. Sorry for causing everyone so much trouble—"
Saying that, Kamito turned around. He glared at the vestment-clad girl riding on the militarized spirit's back and said:
"—So it's you, the one who released the militarized spirits."
Faced with the serious killing intent exuded from Kamito, Millennia's face twitched.
"Could it be that Yggdra failed?"
"...Yggdra?"
Hearing the unfamiliar name, Kamito frowned.
However, Millennia ignored him and raised her hand lightly in the air.
"—Then there's no point in staying here."
Instantly, four militarized spirits raised their scythe-like necks towards Kamito.
"Kamito, they're coming!"
Seeing that, Claire cried out. But Kamito stood his ground and silently gripped his sword.
"Let's go, Est—"
—Yes, Kamito.
Having become the Demon King's weapon of choice, Terminus Est was infused with the entirety of Kamito's divine power.
Accordingly, a strike of jet-black lightning erupted from the tip of its blade.
The seal on his memories had been released—At the same time, the skills branded upon Kamito's body were also released.
Not the Instructional School's assassination techniques but the Strongest Blade Dancer's sword arts.
Four militarized spirits roared, charging and causing the ground to rumble. Faced with these giant bodies, capable of trampling armies of several thousand troops, Kamito faced them head on.
Then just as the militarized spirits were all in a line, in that instant...
"I'll show you my true blade dance—"
Kamito instantly exhaled all the air in his lungs and took a leap.
"Absolute Blade Arts — Destructive Form, Bursting Blossom Spiral Blade Dance - Eighteen Consecutive Strikes・Lightning Flare!"
Numerous slashes and jet-black lightning raced in all directions.
Four units of Nazgul were instantly turned to ash and disappeared into thin air.
Kamito landed and stabbed his sword into the ground.

—By the time he noticed, Millennia Sanctus had already vanished from sight.

—In this manner, this tragic crisis, unprecedented in the Academy's entire history, finally reached a close.
The militarized spirits sent to town were all driven off, thus ending the turmoil in the streets.
The rampaging spirits were successfully pacified by a dance performance carried out by the Academy's princess maidens under Greyworth's directions.
Originally, there was supposed to be a second day of the Great Festival of the Spirits. Naturally, it was suspended. Students worked together with the restoration team sent by the Ordesia Empire to restore the city streets.
The Imperial Knights were still investigating where the militarized spirits attacking town came from. A rough hunch would point to them being possessions of Murders that was deeply connected to the interior of the Alphas Theocracy.
The Empire issued an ultimatum to the Theocracy to accept investigations. Once the newest hierarch, Sjora Kahn, expressed refusal, it would most likely develop into a war between the Empire and the Theocracy.
Lurie Lizaldia remained elusive. The presence of a traitor among the Numbers also came as a great shock to the Empire's top echelons.
Including the organization she belonged to, the Knights' Umbra and Virrey Branford started investigations in pursuit of her.
Also, deemed the mastermind of this incident, Millennia Sanctus—
There were currently still no clues regarding her.
—Hence, three days after the incident.
Having recovered his memory, Kamito was having a meal in the room while discussing future plans with the members of Team Scarlet.
"In the end, the Great Festival of the Spirits was postponed."
Claire lamented slightly.
"Postponed, so that means it'll still be held?"
"After all, they can't let the world think that they're bowing down to terrorism."
"Kamito-kun, you're still going to wear that maid outfit, right♪"
"...Maid outfit."
Kamito groaned... He still retained clear memories of the time during his amnesia.
"Hmm, I-I did not get to see it!"
Ellis grumbled as a result.
"Ellis, are your injuries okay?"
"Yes, I suppose..."
Ellis was heavily injured, wrapped all over in bandages. It looked quite painful.
Even after receiving treatment, she still could not move on her own.
"...We have to become stronger."
Everyone agreed with Ellis.
Coming up next was no longer a competition like the Blade Dance. They were going to be swept into a real war.
"I will protect Kamito."
Sticking to Kamito's side, Est spoke expressionlessly.
"Yeah, I'm counting on you, Est."
"Huah, Kamito..."
Est rested her head on Kamito's lap.
...Was it because of the long separation? She seemed to be trying harder to make him spoil her.
"...Ah, s-so unfair."
"Kamito!" "Kamito-san!" "Kamito-kun!"
The girls brought their faces forward, displeased.
—These ordinary days, soon about to end, were especially precious right now.
Kamito cast his gaze towards the seal on his right hand.
(...Restia, I'm being protected by you.)
"Kamito..."
Seeing Kamito like that, Claire and the girls remained silent.
—That night.
Near the Ordesia Empire's border, in a certain dark forest, a girl woke up.
Her long, black hair scattered. Her dress, the color of night, was torn and tattered all over.
Her pale skin was covered with numerous marks, as though scraped by tree branches.
The half-naked girl opened her dusk-colored eyes and looked around her with unease.
"...Where, is this?"
No one replied. Frightening cries of spirits were coming from faraway.
"Why am I in this kind of place—"
Presently, the sound of bushes rustling could be heard.
An elderly couple, looking like they were taking a stroll in the woods, emerged from the bushes.
"Oh no, there's a girl collapsed in the forest!" "What?"
The old lady helped the girl up and fed her water from a flask.
"Lady, what happened? Are you lost in the forest?"
"...I don't know."
"Then where did you come from?"
"...Where?"
The girl cocked her head in puzzlement.
"Hmm. That's something you should know, right? What's your name, lady?"
"I am..."
The girl's face gave a distinct reaction for the first time.
She nodded and moved her lips gently, speaking a name.
"Restia—"
"I am here, Kamito. Undoubtedly here in your heart—"

A thousand thanks to everyone holding this book in your hands. Thank you for your patience, I now present to you the 12th installment of Seirei Tsukai no Blade Dance, "Releasing the Sealed Sword"!
Okay, the third part, the "Spirit War arc" is finally starting. Things are predicted to increase in scale while the main characters' love battles will likewise escalate, so please look forward to future developments!

Now for acknowledgements. Drawing a beautiful cover and illustrations again, Sakura Hanpen-sensei, I am truly grateful. This time, our cover is Ellis-san (School Festival Version). A bit unlike the usual uniform, it's a more mature design.
Former editor in charge, Narita-sama, thank you for all your help along the way. Every volume's discussion and the autograph events at Taiwan and Hiroshima, I have so many happy memories. I look forward to your active performance in your new environment. Former chief editor Misaka, I am so grateful that you've been overseeing my unworthy works ever since my debut. Sorry for causing you so much trouble. Also, there's the new editor in charge, Sukawa-sama, I will be in your care from now on. That said, I am very very sorry for suddenly handing the draft late. (I'm so sorry that I have to say sorry twice.)
Hyoujou Issei-sensei, I'm really looking forward to your every chapter. Combat, performance, the girls' cuteness, everything is super high quality and the manga's second volume is selling with great acclaim. Those who haven't read it, please go buy and check it out.
(Also, the inner cover's image is making me almost lose control.)
Finally, of course, I offer the greatest thanks to the readers!
Also, also, there's great news. Recently, it has been decided that Seirei Tsukai will be animated (fireworks!) This is all thanks to everyone's support, dear readers. Also, special thanks goes the first editor in charge, Shouji-sama, Narita-sama for working tirelessly for anime-related affairs. There are many excellent teams and staff on the production side, so please look forward to it.
In the reader's popularity poll, Est and Restia are first and second respectively, separated by a slim margin. 3rd is Claire, 4th is Kamito, 5th is Leonora, 6th is Rubia, 7th is Rinslet, 8th is Fianna, 9th is Ellis, 10th is Scarlet. Readers, your comments in the questionnaires help me a lot, so please send them to me.
—Well then, see you next time with Volume 13!

Shimizu Yuu, October 2014

—That was the worst fated encounter.
Under the pale moonlight, a scarlet mask had fallen and made a solid sound.
Her glamorous black hair blazed up like flames, turning burning-rouge.
“Rubia-sama…”
Fianna gulped and muttered her name.
That was the name of the 2-year-senior princess maiden, who she had most respected and admired before.
Fire Queen—Rubia Elstein.
Her real face beneath the mask appeared to be mostly unchanged from what she remembered in the past.
It was the same as that day when she parted with Fianna at the Divine Ritual Institute’s grand shrine that was blazing up in flames.
Her ruby eyes were not looking at Fianna.
Her line of sight was directly pointing at Claire, who was sitting down behind Fianna.
“U….g…”
Fianna turned around in surprise at that delicate groan.
With her back leaning on the stone wall, Claire had opened her ruby-colored eyes.
“Claire, no—!”
“Nee…sama…?”
Claire muttered with a dazed expression.
“—Now, let’s end everything.”
Rubia Elstein gently opened her mouth.
“—It's time for the awakening of the demon king.”
“T-This can’t be true, right…?”
Claire muttered with a quivering voice.
“…After all, Nee-sama... wouldn’t do such….”
“The last time we met was the Spirit Festival day held in the capital.”
“…N-No way… This can’t be it…. This can’t be it!”
As if Claire was denying the reality before her eyes, she violently shook her head.
“You’re not Nee-sama. You’re just mimicking her appearance and trying to confuse me—”
Her clear ruby pupils glared at Rubia before her eyes.
“Stop the worthless farce, just reveal your true self, Witch of Theocracy!”
In that instant, a crimson flame was produced on Claire’s right hand.
Placing her hand on the wall, she stood up and released her elemental waffe.
While she wasn’t left with sufficient divine power or stamina, just the strength of her will had moved her.
(She thinks that Rubia-sama is the appearance that Sjora Kahn has transformed into.)
Fianna muttered in her heart.
Before, Sjora Kahn had shown herself using the power of demon spirit Baldanders and freely changing her appearance. She came to bring unrest to Claire’s heart by taking Rubia’s appearance. –That was the impression Claire had, and it wasn’t unreasonable.
(Preferably, it’ll good if she continues this misunderstanding but…)
While she bit her thumbnail, she ended up unintentionally wanting to rely on such convenient thinking.
(…If Claire knew the truth, her heart will surely be unable to bear it.)
On the other side of her strong heart and unyielding spirit, she was a very delicate girl. It wasn’t like she had socialized with her for a long time like her childhood friend Rinslet, but she at least understood that.
The moment when the cruel truth was thrust before her and her heart was broken, she might end up losing the power of her spirit contract.
—Like herself, who was once called the Lost Queen.
(I won’t let you, never…!)
Fianna scolded her shaky legs.
She had to lead Claire and escape from here.
(…But how?)
Fianna had no ways of stopping Rubia. Even her knight spirit Georgios had already been annihilated by her flames—
“Turn into cinders!”
Claire released her Flametongue, aiming at Rubia.
It was a crimson flash that cut opened the night darkness. However, Rubia didn’t even display any behavior of dodging. She directly held up her fingertip,
“Just confirm it with your eyes whether this is an imitation flame.”
Freezing even time, the absolute-zero conflagration—Frost Blaze.
“…Those flames!?”
Claire widened her eyes.
Immediately following her words, clear sound like glassing shattering was heard—
The blazing Flametongue was erased by the blue flames Rubia released.
—Correction, it wasn’t erased.
“…The flames froze!?”
Fianna shouted in a manner like she couldn’t believe it.
That was a phenomenon that was remote from the common knowledge she learned from the Divine Ritual Institute.
Spirit magic—which borrowed and used the power of a spirit—should be a physical phenomenon that followed the laws of nature to the upmost, no matter how bizarre that power was.
In other words, flames freezing flames—was a phenomenon that was impossible naturally.
(…That isn’t spirit magic? Then, what on earth is that pow…)
“…A-Ah…Ah…”
“…Claire?”
Upon turning behind, she saw Claire had fallen on her knees on the ground with a shocked expression.
“…Are you really… Nee-sama?”
Seeing Claire’s pale expression, Fianna understood.
That freezing flame was something that not even Sjora Kahn could imitate. Claire grasped that in an instant and was convinced.
—That she was her real sister.
“…W…hy-Why, Nee-sama…?”
Rubia Elstein didn’t not reply.
Passing by at Fianna’s side, she was approaching Claire.
Fianna couldn’t move. Her body instinctively recalled the fear from four years ago.
Her legs cramped. Her throat cramped, and she couldn’t even let out any sound.
Rubia continued walking in front of absent-minded Claire.
“Claire—”
She called her sister’s name in a surprisingly peaceful voice.
“Nee-sama…”
“Come with me. To overthrow this world ruled by mad lords.”
“What…What are you saying, Nee-sama…!”
Claire looked up at her sister and shouted.
“I’ll have you be the Darkness Queen that serves the demon king.”
“Serve the demon king…?”
“That’s right. It’s the reincarnated body of the Darkness Elemental Lord that was once sealed by the Five Great Elemental Lords. I need a princess maiden to control it.”
“…I don’t understand… I completely don’t understand what you are saying, Nee-sama!”
“That’s all right for now. The time when you’re able to understand will come eventually.”
Rubia gently reached out her hand before Claire, who was plugging her ears.
“Claire, take my hand.”
“…N-No…No, Nee-sama…”
“Take my hand. ”
“…Ug…!”
The moment she repeated herself once more time with a strong tone.
Claire had taken her sister’s hand as she was told.
She looked at her face with somewhat unfocused pupils, and staggeringly stood up.
“Claire.”
Fianna shouted but Claire couldn’t hear her.
(…I see, she put Word of Power in her words.)
It was one type of mind manipulation that was the forte of the Elfim race and high-ranking princess maidens.
Loading and releasing magical powers into their words, they could control the thoughts of their target.
Elementalists of the academy should have received training to resist mind manipulation, but when the Word of Power of a Queen, a top-ranking princess maiden, was concerned, it wasn’t something one could resist for long.
All the more when one was in an unstable mental state.
(…So, this was what she was aiming for from the start.)
Fianna ground her teeth in her mind.
The reason she removed her mask and revealed her identity was to bring unrest to Claire’s heart.
Wavering under the violent shock, her heart was more fragile than delicate glassworks. No matter how strong willed the person was, it was possible to easily steal her will with Word of Power.
“Nee…sa…ma…”
Light slowly parted from Claire’s ruby pupils.
(…I won’t let you!)
Encouraging her heart, she suppressed her fearful heart.
Fianna turned towards the direction of the two of them and stepped forward.
Whether her movements were not noticed or she was not significant enough to be concerned about, Rubia didn’t even turn around. —It was probably the latter.
(…I can’t call Georgios anymore.)
It barely avoided being completely annihilated, but it would take at least a day for it to recover.
She was hiding a distraction spirit crystal in her breasts, but with that Rubia as her opponent, she didn’t think that it would have much effect.
(Something I could use as a weapon…)
She quickly moved her eyes to the top of the rubble illuminated by the blazing flames.
“…!”
—Then, that was there like it was melted into the darkness of the night.
Darkness shining in the darkness—A jet-black blade, reflecting no moonlight.
It was the darkness demon sword that Claire had been in possession of for some reason.
Vorpal Sword—The shape of its hilt and blade was certainly but subtly different, but that was without a doubt the elemental waffe that was even called the synonym of the Strongest Blade Dancer Ren Ashbell.
Fianna continued walking like she was drawn in, and grabbed the demon sword that was laid on the ground.
Contrary to its appearance, it was surprisingly light. On that subject, she recalled Ren Ashbell—Kamito—swinging this sword with one hand three years ago.
“You do plan on fighting me with that demon sword.”
“…”
Like Fianna thought, her movements had been noticed.
With her hand kept held onto blank-looking Claire’s, she turned towards her.
“I wouldn’t know if I don’t try it, right?”
She planned on acting tough with all her might, but her voice might have turned messed up.
While she prayed that her hand holding the sword at least didn’t quiver, she took a stance with both hands on the demon sword of darkness.
Due to the fact that she had her knight spirit give her training before, only her stance looked somewhat right. At least it wasn’t like the time she remembered when she cut her finger.
(At any rate, why is there such a difference…?)
While she gripped the sword with her shaky hands, she casually thought in doubt.
When Rubia was in the Divine Ritual Institute, she should have been an amateur like Fianna in relation to swords.
(Despite that, she had overwhelmed Kamito once with a sword…)
Was it possible to acquire such sword techniques in merely four years?
No, now wasn’t the time to be thinking about such things.
“Let go of Claire.”
Fianna discreetly opened her mouth.
“In exchange, I’ll be the Darkness Queen. Sjora Kahn had said that I also have the disposition of the Darkness Queen.”
“You certainly have the disposition of the Darkness Queen.”
Rubia coldly nodded.
“The disposition required for the Darkness Queen is having a strong bond with the Demon King. Although, with that meaning, it also means that there’s the possibility for the Fahrengart girl and the Laurenfrost girl and so on to be the Darkness Queen.”
“…What do you mean by that?”
Since, it concerned the bonds with the Demon King—Kamito— she had no intention of losing to any of her teammates.
And then, if the Darkness Queen existence held the same meaning as the Queens serving the Five Great Elemental Lords, there should be no reason to disqualify Fianna, who was a former Queen candidate.
…She didn’t understand the reason that Rubia was particular over her sister.
“It’s simple. Claire’s latent quick-wittedness as a Queen surpasses mine.”
“…!?”
Fianna widened her dim-colored eyes.
(…A disposition greater that Rubia-sama, who’s famed as a once in hundreds of years outstanding talent?)
It wasn’t a story she could believe all of a sudden. However, Rubia calmly continued.
“The truth is that Elstein’s contracted spirit didn’t choose me but my sister. If her original talent had matured, the one chosen to be the Fire Queen would be her.”
“That’s…”
Certainly, the fact that Elstein’s contracted spirit Scarlet chose Claire and not her sister Rubia did not agree with the theory. It wasn’t like there weren’t also personality affinity problems, but spirits normally contracted princess maidens with great ability as an elementalist.
“There isn’t anyone more suitable as the Darkness Queen.”
Rubia pulled blank-looking Claire to her chest.
Claire practically didn’t put up any resistance and had given her body to her.
“Rubia-sama!”
Fianna frantically shouted.
“Claire had always lived for the sake of meeting with you. Even participating in this Blade Dance was just to meet you—”
“I know that.”
“…You!”
Succumbing to her fury, Fianna stepped forth with the demon sword in her hands.
Immediately following a sword slash cutting air, her light feet were swept from under her and she fell to the ground.
“Guu…!”
“You'll have to work on your basics before even picking up a sword.”
Rubia coldly looked down at Fianna, who had fallen.
Then, that gaze of hers turned towards the demon sword of darkness she was holding.
And—
“—Darkness spirit Restia Ashdoll.”
She muttered, and produced that absolute-zero flame on her palm.
“…What are you planning to do?”
Fianna was in chaos.
This darkness spirit should have had an alliance relation with Rubia. Whether they had a relation like comrades do was questionable, but at least the fact that they had joined forces with the goal of awaking Kamito as the Demon King was certain.
“Now that the awakening of the Demon King is drawing near, this darkness spirit is a hindrance to my plans. Therefore, I shall annihilate it here and now—”
Cutting off with a dispassionate tone, she pointed her right hand with the blue flame dwelling on it straight down.
In its current state, the darkness spirit wasn’t the elemental waffe Vorpal Sword, it was no more than an embodiment bearing the shape of a sword.
The absolute-zero flame she released would annihilate the darkness spirit’s existence without leaving a trace.
—Permanently from this world.
Then.
“…N-No…”
Claire weakly opened her mouth.
“…Claire?”
Fianna raised her head in surprise.
Claire had clung onto Rubia’s arm in her state of clouded consciousness.
“…S-Stop…Nee-sama…!”
“She broke my mind control—?”
Rubia showed a surprised expression for the first time.
“That sword is…Kamito’s…precious person… therefore—!”
Claire’s spirit seal emitted a flash, and violent flames were produced in her hand.
The flames coiled into an eddy, blazed up, and transformed into a hell cat before attacking Rubia. Rubia let go of Claire’s hand, and jumped back.
Releasing a growl, Scarlet pursued Rubia. It should have been kitten-sized when it guided Fianna here, but it had now returned to its original size.
(…Why? Claire should have run out of divine power.)
Normally, the power of a contracted spirit should not have been able to recover this quickly but—
Then, Fianna noticed it. The flames that were blazing in the surroundings till a while ago—Rubia’s flames that annihilated Georgios had disappeared before she knew it.
(…I see, it absorbed Rubia-sama’s flames.)
With its blazing red-hot claws, Scarlet began its fierce attack.
It seemed like it was in a condition where it lost control and was rampaging about.
“This power…You released the true name of the Scarlet Valkyrie.”
While dodging the attacks of the rampaging hell cat, Rubia opened her mouth.
“Damn you darkness spirit, doing such unnecessary—”
Seemingly having sensed the presence of a blade dance, light-ball-like spirits had gathered in the surroundings. It was a spirit that Divine Ritual Institute released into the field to broadcast the state of the Blade Dance.
Rubia clicked her tongue and then she picked up the crimson mask and put it on once more.
“…A…guu…”
An agonizing voice leaked out and could be heard above Fianna’s head.
Looking up, she saw Claire raising her breathing with a pale expression. The spirit seal on her right hand took on a bizarre glow, and her scarlet hair had bristled up like blazing flames.
…She was in a dangerous condition. If she continued using her contracted spirit in its rampaging condition, her divine power would be thoroughly taken and exhausted, in the worst case, it was possible that it would bring about death.
“H-Hey Claire!”
Fianna stood up in a fluster and held up Claire’s body which seemed like it was going to fall at any time.
“Hn… Fia….na…?”
Claire tilted her head to the side in her clouded state.
…She was in a so-called half-awakened state. However, as Rubia was away from her, it seemed like the light of sense was beginning to return to her eyes again.
“Claire, get yourself together!”
Fianna strongly struck Claire’s cheek. It was a violent method but it was most effective at undoing the mind control by the Word of Power.
The effect was immediate. Claire widened her eyes in a snap,
“…Fianna, Nee-sama—!”
“Leave the talk for later. Our first priority is to escape from here now.”
Fianna shook her head, and grabbed Claire’s hand. Scarlet’s fierce attacks probably also wouldn’t last that long. While they had the chance, they should get as far as possible—
However, when Fianna pulled her hand, Claire ended up collapsing to the ground just like that.
“Claire!”
“…My legs… can’t move anymore—!”
Claire looked up at Fianna with a bitter expression.
…When she thought about it, it was natural.
When Fianna came here, Claire had already run out of stamina. Not to mention, in the condition where she was using the rampaging Scarlet, it was honestly impossible that she could move.
If only she could at least summon Georgios, she would be able to carry Claire.
Transforming giant-sized, Scarlet gulped down the absolute-zero flames Rubia released.
The hell cat spirit's do-or-die spirited restraining probably also wouldn’t last for another ten seconds.
(There’s nothing more that can be done, huh…)
Fianna closed her eyes in despair, and at the moment.
“…Fianna, I have a request for you.”
Claire gazed at Fianna’s eyes, and let out a voice.
“…A request?”
“Hold on to that demon sword, and go to Kamito.”
“…!”
Fianna was lost for words, and widened her eyes.
“T-There’s definitely no way I can do that, you know!”
…There’s no way she could do that. If she forsook Claire here, she would have failed as a teammate.
“—Listen to me.”
However, Claire interrupted those negation words of hers with a strong tone.
“In any case, I can’t escape anymore. Honestly, I’m barely holding onto my consciousness. However, if it’s just you, you can still escape—”
“I won’t escape!”
“Escape. —Together with this kid.”
“Eh?”
Claire reached out her right hand that held her glowing spirit seal before Fianna. She held out Scarlet’s seal that was engraved with blazing flames.
“I’ll entrust Scarlet to you. Your Highness.”
“…? Entrust Scarlet?”
For a moment, she failed to catch the meaning, and titled her head to the side but—
“… You don’t mean a contract transfer?”
Your Highness. She intuitively knew it with that way of addressing that she normally didn’t use.
“Yes. It should be possible between me from the Elsteins and you from the legitimate Ordesia royal family.”
“That’s just in theory…”
Spirit transfer—That was a unique pledge that came into existence in relation of lord to retainer between the royal family and the nobles.
The six great nobles of the empire including the Elsteins had pledged allegiance to the Ordesia Empire for a long time of several hundred years. To prove their loyalty, they practiced something more anciently traditional, and that was the spirit transfer pledge.
For example, if there was a demand from the Ordesia royal family, the empire’s six great nobles had to immediately give up the contracted spirit that served their family. This meant that the ownership of the six great nobles’ spirits originally belonged to the royal family.
However, there were almost no records of this system being used in the history of the empire. In other words, it was a system that became a mere shell for the sake of symbolizing the lord-retainer relations of the royalty and the nobility.
However, even that system that became a mere shell had at least left behind a framework.
Therefore, this meant that although Fianna was the Lost Queen who lost the rights to the inheritance of the throne, it was possible for her, who had inherited the bloodline of the royal family, to transfer the spirit of the Elsteins.
“If we continue to do nothing, Scarlet will be annihilated by Nee-sama.”
While Claire took a breath painfully, she said that.
She didn’t mean that it’d lose the power to manifest in this world.
She meant that it’ll be completely annihilated from this world.
“So, please. Escape together with Scarlet.”
“…”
Fianna gulped at Claire’s ghastly face.
She had merely several seconds of hesitation. However, those several seconds were extremely precious currently.
—There was no time to hesitate. Fianna made her resolution and nodded.
“I got it. Elsteins loyalist—”
Grasping the right hand that Claire reached out, she recited from memory the words of the pledge.
“By my name Fianna Ray Ordesia, second princess of the Ordesia Empire, I humbly order you. Thou, by the pledge exchanged by our great ancestors, offer up thy sword to me—”
The spirit language words were strung out like a song. In response, Claire also made her lips quiver.
“Our sword is our lord’s sword, we shall offer up the undying, eternal flame to thou—”
The fire spirit seal emitted a flash that even dazzled one’s eyes, and Claire’s blood dripped down onto the ground.
In that instant, a sharp pain like that of a burn ran through Fianna’s right hand.
“…Guuu…!”
Fianna frowned like she was bearing with the pain, and grasped her hand.
Moving her hand timidly, a fire seal, glowing scarlet-red, had been engraved on the back of her right hand.
—The transfer of the contracted spirit succeeded.
“…Thank you. Now, quickly get away.”
Claire smiled and collapsed once more like she had used up all her strength.
Rubia noticed the unusualness of Scarlet’s sudden disappearance, and turned around towards them.
“After I meet up with Kamito-kun and the others, I’ll definitely come to help!”
After somehow leaving just those words to her, Fianna ran off with the demon sword of darkness in her hand.

—The first night of the Blade Dance final round had arrived.
After defeating Muir Alenstarl's militarized spirit Valaraukar, Kamito and his entourage left the center of the abandoned city and took refuge at the historical ruins of a shrine to rest.
The fire spirit crystal they placed on the ground glowed red, illuminating the pitch black darkness in the shrine. A simple hearth was built using stones nearby and a pot bubbled as soup boiled inside it.
"...Night time in Astral Zero is really cold after all."
Sitting on Kamito's right, Ellis shivered.
"...Yeah. It really did not feel that cold during the preliminary round."
"That was thanks to Her Highness the imperial princess' Barrier."
Sitting on Kamito's left, Rinslet replied.
Holding a bowl and a spoon in her hands respectively, she was dressed in a cute apron over her uniform.
Despite being a highborn daughter hailing from the Empire's elite nobles, the aproned look suited her unexpectedly well.
"It is possible to set up a barrier of wind, but divine power will involuntarily spread out and easily attract swarms of Forsaken Spirits. Furthermore, it would be best to conserve energy for now."
Ellis nodded honestly. After all, she had exhausted her strength in the consecutive battles against Lily Flame and Valaraukar.
Similarly, having exhibited norm-defying power for Kamito's sake, Est was now in deep slumber in sword form. Resting against the wall, she was probably not going to wake up for quite a while.
"Speaking of which, Captain..."
Rinslet coughed deliberately.
"Aren't you leaning too close to Kamito-san?"
Ellis instantly blushed.
"I-I cannot help it. Unlike you who were born in the northern part of the country, I am very vulnerable to cold."
"Your demon wind spirit should be quite warm to hug. Claire frequently uses Scarlet as a body pillow."
"...But Simorgh's face is kind of scary."
"Well, well, indeed it is an intrepid face."
Watching Kamito's group as they chatted—
"..."
The girl sitting opposite them bore a blankly staring expression.
Her ash-gray hair was tied up on the sides of her head. Her eyes were blue like the surface of a pristine lake.
Dressed in a military uniform, her petite body was sitting with her knees drawn up to her chest.
Muir Alenstarl—the Instructional School's second ranked combatant.
The extraordinary Monster—specialized in mass destruction.
Like a small animal that was wary of humans, she kept a delicate distance away from Kamito's group.
"Muir, you're going to catch a cold. Why don't you move closer to the fire?"
Hearing Kamito's words, the two young ladies beside him instantly prepared a stance.
This sort of tense atmosphere had repeated itself many times.
(...Oh well, it's only natural for these two to be on alert.)
After all, Muir was the one who attacked them only hours earlier.
Furthermore, Muir had tried to kill them before.
These acts could not be forgiven nor forgotten so easily. In actual fact, the two highborn ladies were not exactly pleased with the way Kamito was handling things.
Muir quietly shook her head.
"Don't wanna. The temptresses who bewitched Onii-sama are over there."
"W-What are you talking about!?" "Well I never!"
Ellis and Rinslet raised their voices at the same time.
"Kamito, I still think we should take away her magic stone."
"Seconded. She is far too dangerous!"
Indeed, after fighting Valaraukar—
Kamito had decided explicitly not to take away Muir's magic stone.
In a blade dance, taking the loser's magic stone was the winner's legitimate right. In fact, Kamito's decision could be said to contravene the spirit of the Blade Dance held by the Elemental Lords.
Naturally, Ellis and Rinslet were likewise opposed to Kamito's decision. Even so, Kamito did not take Muir's magic stone because he wanted to have a good chat with her after four years of separation.
(Also...)
On the day the Instructional School was attacked by the unidentified archdemon...
Kamito felt quite guilty about leaving young Muir behind alone.
"Muir is not an ordinary elementalist. Having lost her militarized spirit, she can't do anything."
In actual fact, Muir was not even capable of using a contracted spirit. The special power she was born with—the Jester's Vise, caused spirits to go berserk until their very being was consumed to nothing.
"Ara, even without a contracted spirit, killing you Onee-chans is still very easy."
"...What did you say!?"
Hearing Muir's boastful remark, Ellis glared back severely.
"...Muir lost to Onii-sama, yes, but Muir did not lose to you two, Onee-chans."
"Guh...!"
"Muir, shut up—"
Kamito forcefully ended her conversation.
"...What you just said now, even I would be angered!"
"Onii-sama...?"
"Stop talking about killing this or that whatever all the time."
Kamito stared at Muir head on.
"..."
Muir began to sulk and pout—
"...Yes, Onii-sama."
Despite her reluctance, she still nodded.
Kamito secretly breathed a sigh of relief.
(...Muir is not a bad kid.)
She simply had no concept of good and evil.
This was a common trait in the orphans raised by the Instructional School.
(...Before meeting Restia, I was the same too.)
"The soup is ready."
Cough cough. Rinslet coughed deliberately.
As she lifted the lid for the pot, a delicious aroma of fish soup wafted over.
The crimson soup was filled with chilli peppers and spices with diced pieces of white-colored fish, shelled prawns, scallops, mussels and other sumptuous ingredients.
"Wow, looks very delicious!"
"This is Bouillabaisse-style fish soup. It's very effective in warming up the body."
"...You really know how to make everything."
"I made preparations in advance before the finals began. Besides, Fenrir's alternate dimension is even able to keep the fish fresh."
Sitting by her obediently, Fenrir barked happily when it heard words of praise from her.
As soon as Kamito received a bowl of soup from her, he instantly drank in big mouthfuls.
"Gulp gulp... Phew..."
"Does it suit your tastes?"
Rinslet asked, a little apprehensive.
"...Tasty!"
Kamito burped with satisfaction.
Despite the large amount of chilli peppers in the red soup, it was not as spicy as its appearance suggested. A complicated mix of delicious seafood flavors were concentrated together. The soup warmed the entire body from within.
"Phew, looks like my efforts were not in vain... Fufu♪"
Rinslet happily covered her red cheeks with her hands.
"Hmm, so Kamito turns out to enjoy spicy cuisine, I see now..."
For some reason, Ellis began to write a note in her mysterious booklet with a serious expression while sitting beside Kamito.
"Muir, you must be hungry, right?"
Kamito extended a bowl filled with fresh soup out to Muir.
"Don't want any. Not hungry either. I don't want charity from enemies."
"...~Y-You, what is with that attitude!?"
Seeing Rinslet anger, Kamito frantically tried to make peace.
"You just used a militarized spirit of that level. You can't possibly be not hungry."
"Trained combatants from the Instructional School can execute combat missions continuously for a week without eating."
"...That's true. However, now is not the same kind of situation."
Kamito shrugged and moved the steaming bowl beneath Muir's nose.
"..."
Gulp... Muir swallowed.
"Come on, just drink a mouthful. While it's still hot."
"Hmph, Muir's stomach is not hungry..."
...Growl.
A cute sound resounded in the shrine.
"...See?"
"...~!"
Muir shifted her gaze away from the soup defiantly.
"D-Don't wanna. Maybe it's poisoned."
"How impudent, of course I won't poison it!"
Rinslet objected loudly.
"Hmph, who knows?"
"...Sorry, Muir doesn't mean any offense."
Kamito apologized softly for Muir's words.
"In the place where we were raised, wariness of poison is only natural..."
"...I-I see."
Despite her domineering airs, Rinslet was actually quite gentle at heart. Displaying a mixed expression, she nodded.
"Muir, don't worry. See, aren't I drinking it too?"
Kamito drank a mouthful of soup in Muir's view.
"..."
"See?"
Muir gurgled in her throat.
"I-In that case..."
"Hmm?"
"Onii-sama must feed Muir. Or else Muir refuses to believe."
Suddenly, she said something incredible.
"...Eh?"
"What did you say!?" "What!?"
Ellis and Rinslet yelled at the same time.
"...I-I need to feed you, Muir?"
"That's right, Onii-sama."
As if examining Kamito's expression, Muir smiled mischievously.
"Muir, don't toy with me."
"Not toying with Onii-sama... See, ah~!"
She slowly drew her face near and opened wide her lovely dainty lips.
Kamito could not help but feel his heart racing. Then—
"...Seriously, what am I going to do with you?"
Shrugging lightly, he filled a spoon with soup and delivered it into Muir's mouth.
"...O-Onii-sama!?"
Widening her eyes, Muir's face instantly went bright red.
She swallowed the soup with a gulp.
"...Hmph, n-not bad!"
She offered her comment as she turned her gaze away.
"A-Another, okay... Ah~!"
"W-Wait a minute!" "Hold it right there!"
Ellis and Rinslet frantically interfered.
"Kamito, th-that is so unfair! Me too..."
"S-Same here, I-I want..."
Blushing, the two girls shyly demanded.
"W-Why would you two want to be fed too, Ellis and Rinslet!?"
"I just want it!"
"Indeed! I simply want it!"
Closing their eyes, the two girls brought their faces near.
...Although Kamito had no idea what was going on, he decided it would be prudent to simply do as they say.
"...Okay, say ah—"
"...Aamph♪" "...Ah~♪"
Kamito delivered the spoon into the lovely lips of the highborn ladies one after another.
"Oooh... What is up with me, to have done something so shameful..."
"Th-This is so embarrassing!"
Covering their blushing faces with their hands, the two girls murmured in seductive-sounding voices.
...Looking like that, they really seemed so innocent and adorable.
"No, I feel quite embarrassed too..."
Kamito scratched his face awkwardly.
"...Onii-sama!"
Watching Kamito, Muir pouted unhappily.
After enjoying a modest yet delicious meal consisting of bread and soup only—
"...How vexing, Onii-sama really became the Demon King of the Night!"
Muir sulked and said.
Currently, Kamito and Muir were the only ones present inside the shrine.
Ellis and Rinslet had gone outside for regular princess maiden purification.
There was apparently an ancient purification site near these ruins.
Although the two girls left partially for scouting out incoming attacks, their main reason was to let Kamito and Muir have some private time together.
"...D-Demon King of the Night? Where did you hear that from?"
"Lily has always been investigating Onii-sama all along!"
"...I see."
Kamito answered with his eyes half closed.
"...This is totally a misconception, okay? By the way, why would a highly accomplished master of espionage like Lily gather such erroneous information?"
"Because instead of being erroneous, it is the truth?"
"Rejected absolutely."
Kamito shook his head insistently. That is so not the truth... Probably.
(...Wait a minute, now is not the time for chatting about this.)
He coughed deliberately.
"Say, Muir—"
"...What is it? Onii-sama."
"...Uh, why do you call me Onii-sama?"
Kamito asked directly.
Ever since their first encounter at the Instructional School, Muir had been addressing Kamito as Onii-sama.
He had asked many times in the past and each time her answer was the same.
"—Not gonna tell you. Onii-sama, figure it out yourself."
...That was it.
Muir turned away sullenly.
"If I can't remember, then I won't recall it no matter how much I try. I basically remember nothing from my childhood or when I was first brought to the facility."
Indeed, in the dark dungeon where the flow of time could not be sensed, Kamito and the others had received combat training nonstop.
Or perhaps, it was precisely the combat training in the dungeon that gradually shaved off Kamito's memories and emotions, destroying them.
Probably because of that, Kamito had no impression of his homeland.
The only memories he barely preserved were—
(Those times he spent together with Restia...)
...Anyway, pursuing the matter like this would probably just make Muir lock her heart away even more, which would be putting the cart before the horse. Kamito tried to change the subject.
"Muir, what happened on that day?"
"On that day?"
"Four years ago. After the Instructional School was wrecked by the archdemon of flame... By the way, you fought the archdemon directly, didn't you, Muir?"
"Yeah, fought—and lost."
As if completely unconcerned with her defeat, Muir nodded calmly.
The archdemon who only needed half a day to destroy the Instructional School, an organization in command of the strongest combat skills. Back then, Muir was obviously no match because she had level restrictions on the spirits she was authorized to employ.
"Not long after that, the Empire sent the Numbers to investigate. Many people were captured, but Muir had already escaped long before then—"
Henceforth, she wandered around until she came into contact with Murders on a certain street.
There, she was hired as a professional assassin and began living in the underground circuit.
(...Just like me.)
All the orphans who grew up in that facility knew no other way to survive. Let alone relying on relatives, even their family registry records were nonexistent. Where Muir and Kamito's fates diverged was the fact that Kamito's first assassination target was the Dusk Witch.
"...Next, meeting up with Lily happened two years later."
After making contact with Lily Flame using the intelligence network of the Murders, Lily introduced Muir to that woman named Cardinal. After that, Cardinal—
"She is the one who now calls herself Ren Ashbell, the Strongest Blade Dancer."
"Was she using the Murders network to gather orphans from the Instructional School?"
Due to the Instructional School's collapse, the orphans who were left with nowhere to go were highly likely to make contact with Murders.
She probably put informants in place beforehand in anticipation of that.
That Jio Inzagi was most likely recruited in the same manner.
"That woman told me I could meet Onii-sama as long as I entered the Blade Dance."
"She—Ren Ashbell, what is her goal?"
Muir shook her head.
"No idea. I don't care about what she thinks."
"...I see."
...On further thought, it was true. Team Inferno's members did not share a common a goal. They were simply an alliance with aligned interests.
"However, that woman did say—"
Muir pressed her index finger against her lips.
"Muir and others were gathered for the sake of making Onii-sama awaken."
"—'Awaken.'"
Kamito was shocked.
...For some reason, the word made him feel quite unsettled.
"So, awakening means... Making me retrieve my past power?"
"Who knows? Indeed, Onii-sama is a lot more useless than before."
Ignoring for now Muir's caustic commentary—
(...Was Ren Ashbell and Restia's goal simply "that" alone?)
Kamito muttered to himself mentally.
According to Fianna who was captured by Sjora Kahn once, Kamito was the current reincarnation of the Demon King who inherited the power of the Darkness Elemental Lord, Ren Ashdoll.
(...Within my body, is that kind of existence really present?)
Ever since the Blade Dance started, he kept feeling something awakening within him.
Was he really recovering his power from three years ago gradually or was there more to it?
"...Onii-sama?"
"Oh, sorry. I was just thinking about something."
Seeing Muir tilt her head, Kamito scratched his head as he apologized.
"Seriously, all Onii-sama needs to think about is Muir."
Muir pouted and rested her head against Kamito's chest.
"...Muir?"
"All I want is to have Onii-sama by my side. Everything else is not needed. This world hates Muir, so it would be best if all others disappeared."
"It's not like that..."
Kamito was just about to refute her assertion when—
"Because, see—"
Suddenly, Muir touched the burning fire spirit crystal with her hand.
Instantly, the fire spirit sealed in the crystal went berserk and spewed out intense flames.
"—Muir!"
Kamito frantically grabbed Muir's arm.
"W-What on earth are you doing!?"
Only to find Muir's palm slightly burned.
"...See? I am being hated. By this world."
"..."
The special ability Muir was born with—the Jester's Vise.
Spirits touched by her all descended into madness.
The berserk spirits eventually used up all their power and disappeared from the world.
It could not even be considered a special power but a cruel curse.
"Since the world has rejected Muir, Muir will reject the world."
Looking down upon the fire spirit spewing intense flames, she murmured.
"But back then, only Onii-sama did not reject me."
"Back then?"
"Yes. The day Onii-sama was brought to the Instructional School."
"...Sorry. I really—have no recollection of those times."
"It's okay if you can't remember. To Onii-sama, it was probably just an insignificant remark. But to Muir, it was an important promise."
Muir displayed a dream-like a smile and yawned cutely.
"...Hoo, getting sleepy here."
"Probably time to retire for the night. I have to recover my energy too."
Injuries could be cured using magic, but sleep was the best method to replenish depleted divine power.
"Is it really okay for you not to take Muir's magic stone?"
"Hmm?"
"Maybe while Onii-sama is sleeping, Muir will steal Onii-sama's magic stone?"
"You're not going to do that, Muir."
Kamito then laid himself down on the ground. With Ellis' Simorgh keeping watch outside, surprise attacks from other teams should not be a worry.
Looking up at the ceiling that was entangled with tree roots, Kamito spoke up.
"Hey, Muir—"
"What is it? Onii-sama?"
"Say, once the Blade Dance is finished, do you want to return with me to the Empire?"
"...What do you mean?"
"Given Greyworth's resources, she should be able to fabricate family registry records for a younger sister. In addition, if I ask Rinslet, you can probably become a maid at the Laurenfrost family. After all, their only criterion for hiring maids is whether you're cute or not."
"C-Cute!?"
Hearing Kamito's unintentional comment, Muir blushed intensely.
"Hmph, hmph. Muir hates maids!"
Declaring angrily, Muir turned away to the side and went to sleep.
...In the end, Muir never answered Kamito's question.
Splash, quiet water noises were heard under the pitch black night.
"Captain, your breasts have grown even bigger..."
"W-What are you talking about!?"
Ellis frantically covered her bust with her arms. Droplets of water dripped down from the tips of her wet hair.
Beneath the faint moonlight, Ellis and Rinslet were taking a bath in the purification site.
As the clear spring water used for rituals stimulated their skin, it helped calm their bodies which felt like they were burning.
Naturally, Kamito was the reason why they felt scorching hot as if being burned.
"Huff... With Kamito-san, an indirect, kiss huh..."
"As a knight, what indecency have I committed..."
Having finally cleansed their bodies, they now found their minds instantly occupied by these worries.
For these sheltered highborn ladies, the "Ah~" act just now was too stimulating.
Losing their focus midway, they were unable to carry out the ritual very well.
...Hence, the two girls spent far more time on purification than usual.
"Very soon, the sun will be up."
The battle from last night was not that long ago. As they looked towards the center of the abandoned city, the flames released by Valaraukar were still burning intensely.
"By the way—"
Wringing the water out of her wet hair, Rinslet spoke up at this time.
"That girl who uses militarized spirits. Just a little bit, she reminds me of Claire in the past."
"...In hairstyle?"
Ellis frowned.
"Not that... Basically, after the Rubia incident, Claire pretty much acted similar to that. Treating everyone around as enemies, like a little animal baring its fangs out of fear—"
"...Ah yes. Indeed, Claire was pretty much like that last year."
Back when Velsaria was still the leader, the Sylphid Knights had engaged Claire in battle numerous times. Even after Ellis took over the Knights, they were often in opposition with Claire.
That said, Rinslet here would often interfere in those battles too.
"I hope Claire and Fianna gathered together safely—"
Just as Ellis looked up at the night sky.
—An explosion was heard coming from afar.
"...What happened!?"
"Captain, that's—"
Rinslet pointed at the sky ahead of them.
Over there was a flying dragon, flapping its wings.
"That's the flying dragon spirit from the Knights of the Dragon Emperor...!"
The flying dragon spirit seemed to be circling in the air as if searching for something, spitting fireballs at the ground.
Then a bright light flashed on the ground, dazzling Ellis and Rinslet whose eyes had already adjusted to the dark environment.
"That flash? Could it be one of Her Highness the imperial princess' spirit crystals?"
"Yes, no mistake about it. I will immediately head forth to her aid. You hurry and go wake Kamito."
"Understood!"
Inside the shrine, Kamito's quiet breathing could be heard.
He must have accumulated a great amount of fatigue from the two consecutive battles against Valaraukar. He was quite sound asleep.
Of course, as soon as Muir emitted any killing intent, he would probably wake up instantly.
Muir gazed at Kamito's sleeping face.
"...Onii-sama."
She murmured with a barely audible voice.
"Onii-sama, you really are the Onii-sama whom Muir loves most."
Do you want to return with me to the Empire—That was what he said.
Just like that day in the past, during their first encounter.

—In that case, I will be your friend.
—Hmph, that's stupid of you. To think you'd try to make friends here.
—Then let me be your brother. You'll be the younger sister, Muir.

(Onii-sama probably has forgotten already...)
Even so, these words were very important to Muir.
It brought a shred of solace to the Monster's broken-down heart.
(...However, I'm sorry. Onii-sama.)
Having lived in darkness for so long, the Monster could no longer integrate herself into the world of sunlight.
Muir placed her magic stone by Kamito's pillow side.
"—Goodbye, Onii-sama. I will be very happy the next time we play together again."
Finally, a sad smile surfaced—
Muir Alenstarl vanished from the front stage of the Blade Dance.

—This person is the Demon King's successor.
—We of the Snake have, for a very long time now, looked forward to the child of destiny.
In a dark prison, the young Kamito was surrounded heavily by a group of old men wearing faceless masks.
His arms and legs were completely immobile. Even trying to speak or shift his gaze was impossible.
...He realized he was in a dream.
A dream where one was aware of being in a dream—A lucid dream.
However, Kamito could not wake himself up.
It was as if someone had reached out and dragged him into an abyss of his consciousness.
—Once the plan comes to fruition, our tragic wish shall be realized.
—But it is still slightly too early for him to make contact with her.
—First, the heart of this child of destiny must be obliterated first.
The old men's words reverberated in the prison.
(Stop... it... Stop it immediately!)
Countless arms reached out from the darkness, obscuring Kamito's vision.
His view went dark. As soon as he opened his eyes again, Kamito found himself suspended in endless darkness.
His arms and legs were tightly entangled and restrained by darkness that felt like mud.
(...What the heck is this?)
It was not the first time for him to be having nightmares about his time at the Instructional School, but none of them were like this one.
—You are the child of darkness, our successor.
An astounding voice sounded within his mind.
(...Who... is it...?)
The voice did not belong to the old men. More alien in quality—an inhuman voice.
—We are the past reincarnations of the Demon King. Our past existences were identical to yours.
Amidst the pitch black mud, numerous skeletons surfaced.
(You are—Nepenthes Lore!?)
That was how the ominous black knight looked, the one whom Restia led around.
(...Saying that I am the same existence as you, what on earth is that about?)
This was a dream. The monster before his eyes was nothing but an illusion in Kamito's mind.
Even so, it was imperative to question the monster.
—Sleeping within you, the Demon King is about to awaken.
—You will likely fall to become an existence equal to ours, to become the most terrible Demon King in history.
(...Complete rubbish! I'm neither going to become the Demon King nor will I become like you guys!)
Squeezing out a voice that could not be described as a voice, Kamito yelled as hard as he could.
Numerous Nepenthes Lores were restless in the darkness, laughing loudly as they disappeared.
At the same time, Kamito's consciousness sank into the pitch black mud.
—By the way, Kamito.
Just as he was about to lose consciousness, he heard her voice.
—when I have changed so much that I am myself no longer...
—Kill me.
(Res... tia...!)
"Huff, huff, huff..."
Feeling an unpleasant feeling like he had fallen somewhere, Kamito woke up.
His heart was racing abnormally quickly. His body also felt quite heavy with sweat.
The sense of terror from falling into the darkness was still lingered vividly in his mind.
"...A nightmare? Those have been rare ever since I came to the Academy."
Kamito wiped the sweat off his brow and sighed.
Probably due to the series of intense battles, his nerves had become over excited.
At this moment.
"—Kamito, are you okay?"
He heard a cute voice coming from above.
"...!?"
Kamito frantically jumped up.
Turning around, he found a cute little rabbit.
Long lustrous silver-white hair. Clad over her milky-white skin was a tight-fitting, erotic, enameled outfit. Over her legs she was wearing fishnet tights with high heel boots. Behind her was a round fluffy tail.
Most striking of all was the pair of rabbit ears on top of her head.
The legendary sword spirit, who had vanquished the Demon King, was now gazing at Kamito with her mysterious violet eyes.
"Umm..."
Despite Kamito's ignorance in worldly matters, he still knew this much.
...This was commonly known as the bunny girl.
The question was why would his contracted spirit be dressed up in this manner—
"...Est, what on earth are you doing?"
"Yes. I am acting as Kamito's pillow."
Est nodded expressionlessly.
"Pillow?"
Dressed in her bunny girl outfit, Est was sitting formally in a kneeling position.
...Come to think of it, I was sleeping on the ground and yet my head didn't hurt at all.
"Est, were you providing me with a lap pillow?"
"Yes, Kamito. You seemed like you were having a nightmare."
Est must have been quite worried as she watched Kamito experiencing a nightmare. However, rather than wake up Kamito who was exhausted, she chose to give him a lap pillow instead.
"Thank you, Est."
As Kamito stroked her head, Est half-closed her eyes in enjoyment.
"...But why are you dressed as a bunny girl?"
"Even if it's you, Kamito, I feel embarrassed if someone touches my bare legs."
Est remained expressionless despite the blush on her face, answering in a whisper.
...I see. For some reason, this sword spirit was immensely ashamed of exposing her legs. Even though it was just her lap, letting Kamito rest upon them must have been quite embarrassing for her. Hence, instead of wearing her usual kneesocks she chose fishnet tights instead.
"...Then what about the rabbit ears?"
"Yes. A rare opportunity."
"...I see, a rare opportunity."
"Yes."
...Oh well, if she simply wore fishnet tights with nothing else, it would be rather troubling after all.
"Kamito, are you unhappy with this getup?"
The rabbit ears she wore on her head were swaying slightly apprehensively.
"No, umm... I-It's very cute!"
Kamito frantically followed up with a compliment.
"..."
The rabbit ears jumped in joy.
Although Est remained expressionless as always, it was much easier to read her emotions from the rabbit ears on her head.
(...Hmm, this is quite convenient. Wouldn't it be nice if she wore them all the time?)
Just as this joking thought crossed his mind—
"...Strange?"
Kamito suddenly realized.
...Muir was missing.
"Est, where did Muir go?"
"When I woke up, she was already gone."
"...?"
Kamito surveyed his surroundings.
The fire of the spirit crystal still provided lighting within the shrine.
Kamito could not have slept for too long a duration.
"Where did that girl go?"
She could not have left the shrine alone, right? Even for Muir, without a militarized spirit for her to command, wandering alone in this abandoned city was too dangerous.
—At this moment, Kamito's searching gaze stopped at a certain spot.
Beside where Kamito had been sleeping, for an instant, something flashed.
"This is..."
Approaching for a closer look, Kamito found a tiny red stone rolling there.
As the symbol of Team Inferno, it was a magic stone carved with an emblem of snakes and flames.
Magic stones had to be kept on one's person. Once separated from the body for a certain length of time, Leap magic would be forcibly triggered.
The placement of the stone implied that Muir had retired from the Blade Dance by her own volition.
"Muir..."
Muttering softly, Kamito picked up the magic stone.
Clearly he still had so much more to chat with her about—
"Kamito?"
"...Oh, it's nothing."
Nodding, Kamito placed the magic stone into his uniform pocket.
(...Muir, you're not some kind of Monster but a noble elementalist.)
At this moment, the sound of frantic footsteps came from outside.
"...What's going on?"
Kamito instantly readied his stance and looked towards the entrance.
However, as soon as he recognized the girl's figure in the darkness, he relaxed his guard.
"K-Kamito-san!"
Rinslet rushed into the shrine.
She was probably in the middle of purification when she made her way back, for her platinum-blonde hair was still wet.
'Rinslet, what happened?"
"Her Highness the imperial princess is nearby... Hey, w-what are you two doing there?"
Rumble rumble rumble rumble rumble rumble rumble rumble...!
Rinslet's gaze was cast behind Kamito's back.
Obviously, that was where bunny girl Est was located.
"A-A misunderstanding... B-By the way, what happened actually?"
Kamito inquired hastily, prompting Rinslet to recall all of a sudden.
"Her Highness the imperial princess is currently engaged in battle nearby against the Knights of the Dragon Emperor."
"...Fianna? I got it, let's go immediately."
Kamito stood up, holding Est's hand.
"Est, I'm sorry we have to do this so soon after recovering, but I'm relying on you."
"Yes, I am your sword, your wish is my command."
The pair of rabbit ears quivered slightly.
Next, Est transformed into a massive sword shining with silver-white light.
"Huff, huff... I hate this, such a hassle!"
As fireballs rained down upon the roads in the ruins, Fianna was panting as she ran away.
Hiding herself amongst the shadows in the collapsed wasteland, she kept diving into blind spots in the flying dragon spirit's overhead view.
"...!"
Suddenly, the nearby ground shook, forcing Fianna to stop running.
The wall in the ruins she was using to hide herself began to crumble, producing a cloud of dust and dirt.
"...W-What?"
Peering at the road from behind a stone pillar, she found a large earth dragon appearing out of the darkness.
Like the flying dragon elementalist in the sky, this was also one of Dracunia's dragon knights.
(A terrible situation...)
Fianna hid behind the stone pillar once more and bit her thumb.
Although an earth type tyrant dragon spirit was unable to fly, it possessed excellent sensing abilities.
It would most likely discover Fianna if she continued to hide like this. But as soon as she left the ruins she would be found by the flying dragon spirit from the air.
Unable to summon her contracted spirit, Fianna was currently a sitting duck.
(...I still have three of those blinding flash stones.)
It was quite inconceivable that the renowned Knights of the Dragon Emperor could be shaken off her trail using little tools like these.
(How could I allow myself to be eliminated in a place like this...)
Fianna reached her hand towards the sword hanging at her waist.
The demon sword of darkness that Claire had entrusted to her—The Vorpal Sword.
(...I promised her, I will hand this sword to Kamito.)
Walking carefully to avoid making a sound, Fianna cautiously bided her time for an escape opportunity.
Surprisingly, this opportunity arrived quite quickly.
The sound of wind tearing through the atmosphere apart was heard.
Instantly, the wings of the flying dragon spirit circling above were sliced apart!
The flying dragon spirit spun as it fell.
The tyrant dragon elementalist's attention was drawn to that direction.
(Now...!)
Fianna had no idea what was going on, but undoubtedly this was a rare opportunity.
She instantly jumped out from behind the stone pillar and ran along the road.
"You—!"
The tyrant dragon elementalist sensed Fianna's presence.
At the same time, Fianna tossed out two blindingly bright spirit crystals in one go.
An explosive flash instantly dyed the pitch black night into white.
"Guh...!"
Taking advantage of the opening, Fianna hid behind the pillar again.
Looking up, she found two knights engaged in an intense blade dance with sparks flying and scattering.
The clashing weapons rang out acutely. A girl familiar to Fianna was enveloped in strong winds as she engaged the single-winged flying dragon spirit in an aerial battle.
"...Ellis!"
The ponytail fluttering in the wind and that stern figure undeniably belonged to no one but her.
Wielding Ray Hawk in her hands, she intended to follow up the surprise attack just now with a ferocious offensive.
This was no coincidence. She must have arrived as reinforcements, knowing Fianna was near.
ROOOOOOOOOAAAAAAAR!
"...!?"
At this moment, an angry dragon's roars shook the land.
The tyrant dragon spirit on the ground had started to destroy the wall of the ruins where Fianna was hiding.
(...If this continues, these ruins will collapse!)
Fianna produced a magical glow from her palm and jumped out from behind the pillar.
Possessing night vision, the dragon spirit instantly spotted Fianna and charged with a great rumbling.
However, Fianna calmly chanted spirit magic—
"Those of small stature, go forth and dance in the moonlit night! —Fairy Flare!"
Fianna released numerous spheres of light towards the charging tyrant dragon spirit.
Being the only light source in the darkness would of course make one the perfect prey, but it was a completely different matter when numerous glowing objects were present.
Mixed amongst the irregularly dancing little spheres of light, Fianna's figure once again disappeared into a back alley.
"Huff, huff, huff..."
Weaving through the winding path, she reached a place surrounded by a gloomy and creepy forest.
Once here, even the flying dragon spirit would find it difficult to spot her from the air.
(...!?)
A sudden chilling sense of terror caused Fianna to halt in her steps.
Immediately, a massive object flew past, right before her.
Crash—A heavy shattering sound was heard.
As the stone tiled cracked open, a huge hole was opened up in the ground ahead.
"...!"
Fianna was instantly scared frozen.
The object that had opened up a hole in the ground—a massive wrecking ball connected to a chain.
"...Hey, your instincts are not bad. To be able to escape this Morningstar."
Clack—Accompanied by a heavy sound, the iron ball and chain were pulled back.
Fianna turned to find a girl standing on top of a collapsed stone wall.
A petite girl with her dark brown hair trimmed neat and short.
Wielding a massive wrecking ball in one hand, she looked down at Fianna.
She was dressed in a red uniform with white trimmings.
"The Sacred Spirit Knights..."
Fianna groaned with despair.
...Backed into a corner, only to find herself targeted by yet another team.
"Belonging to team Stahl Loewe of the Sacred Spirit Knights—Alda Reed."
The girl announced her name loudly and swung the chain nimbly.
"—Hand over the demon sword of darkness in your possession immediately."
The giant wrecking ball was launched again—!
(...!)
Just as Fianna closed her eyes, in that very instant—
Clang——!
A clear metallic sound rang out through the dark night.
"...Eh?"
A voice of surprise escaped from Fianna's lips.
"At least I made it."
Slowly, she opened her eyes.
Only to find him standing before her.
The young man wielding the Demon Slayer with dazzling brilliance.
"Kamito-kun!"
Fianna opened her dusk-colored eyes.
"...Sorry for my delay."
Shielding the collapsed Fianna behind his back, Kamito turned around and said to her.
Due to his forced entrance, the arm he used to deflect the wrecking ball was now slightly numb.
"Kamito-kun... How did you know I was here?"
Surprised rather than relieved, Fianna asked with astonishment.
"Rinslet and Ellis told me. Also, I saw the flash from the spirit crystal."
Rushing to the battlefield, Kamito and Rinslet had separated to look for Fianna.
Seeing the intense burst of light, he tried to rush over here and succeeded in finding her as expected.
"...Kazehaya Kamito. The elementalist who defeated our second squad Stahl Wölfe huh."
The wrecking ball-wielding girl glared at Kamito with contempt.
"Are you a member of the Sacred Spirit Knights?"
"Alda Reed. Luminaris-sama's right hand."
The iron ball and chain rattled loudly.
"If you retreat instantly, I'll let you off for now. I'm sorry but you're no match for me alone."
Kamito shrugged and declared.
Although his divine power had not recovered completely from the battle against Valaraukar, a single opponent was no problem at all. So long as he restricted Est's power, he should be able to blade dance for several minutes.
"I appreciate your goodwill, but the Sacred Spirit Knights never let prey get away from them!"
"...!"
Alda Reed yelled as she launched the wrecking ball at Kamito.
Kamito jumped and dodged. Like a dance, he leaped continuously in the forest.
The shining Terminus Est traced out a trail of light in the darkness.
Against the background of the night, the chain twisted and turned like a snake. In this forest with poor visibility, trying to read its changing trajectories would be challenging—Indeed, that would be the case for a typical elementalist.
(Compared to Claire's whip, these trajectories are way too crude.)
Jumping between the trees, Kamito instantly read the chain's path.
Dodging the endlessly swinging chain by a paper-thin margin, he engaged the girl on the wall in close quarters—
Only to see Alda Reed's lips twist slightly.
(—Oh no, I made a mistake!)
Kamito suddenly realized.
Her target was not Kamito—
"This is your weakness. Male elementalist."
The chain's trajectory changed dramatically in midair, making its way to behind Kamito, towards Fianna who was watching the blade dance from the ground.
"—Fianna!"
Fianna had not even noticed the incoming attack. There was simply no time to dodge—!
Kamito threw his sword towards the air, stepped on a tree to perform a somersault, instantly squeezing the most out of his leg muscles—jumping over.
The Instructional School's combat skill Thunderclap—making use of god-like speed, Kamito rushed before Fianna and blocked the wrecking ball's attack with his arms crossed.
"...Guh, ahh...!"
The impact made his body feel like it was about to fall apart. The sound of bone shattering rang out.
"Cough...!"
"—Kamito-kun!"
Fianna frantically embraced Kamito from behind as he collapsed on one knee.
Although he had enveloped his body in divine power beforehand, blocking an elemental waffe barehanded was too excessive.
(...That wrecking ball is completely materialized.)
The Blade Dance was not about mutual slaughtering without rules. Under normal conditions, elemental waffen were required to be kept in an astralized state, unable to cause physical damage to the body—
The thrown sword fell before Kamito after spinning several rounds in the air.
Spitting bloody froth, Kamito clutched the Demon Slayer with a trembling hand.
"...I misjudged you. To think the Holy Kingdom's knight would resort to such underhanded means."
"I am not so arrogant as to think I could defeat you in direct combat."
Playing with the Morningstar which had returned to her hand, the female knight spoke coldly.
"Besides, Luminaris-sama's instructions were to destroy the demon sword of darkness—"
"Demon sword...? What on earth is that about—Guh...!"
Kamito coughed blood again.
(...This is bad.)
Sweat appeared on his forehead. The impact just now probably damaged his internal organs.
"Kamito-kun, let me perform healing magic right now."
"Don't, it's unfortunate but the enemy won't give me time—"
"Of course!"
Alda Reed yelled as she threw the Morningstar.
Dodging was not possible. The target was not Kamito but Fianna.
"You...!"
Still about to move the Demon Slayer with one hand, Kamito swung it upwards in one breath.
The sword's edge deflected the heavy iron ball. If used at full strength, Est would probably have sliced the wrecking ball into halves. But currently, simply deflecting the attacks was already taking all of Kamito's strength.
"Hmph, how much longer can you last with one arm!?"
"Tsk...!"
Kamito clicked his tongue as he deflected the wrecking ball again.
...Indeed, he could not last long like this. Since the enemy's target was Fianna, he could not leave this spot.
"Fianna, hurry and summon Georgios—"
"I am unable to summon at this time."
Fianna shook her head at Kamito's call.
(...Well, that makes sense on further thought.)
The fact that she had not summoned her contracted spirit in a situation like this already indicated her inability to summon.
Did she exhaust her divine power or did the spirit suffer too much damage and had to recover?
In order to break out of the current situation, their only hope was waiting for reinforcements from Ellis and Rinslet who were fighting the dragon knight in the air—
(...They're in a desperate struggle too.)
The faint sounds of weapons clashing could be heard from afar.
The enemy was a member of the Knights of the Dragon Emperor, a regular competitor at the Blade Dance. Furthermore, they were fighting a flying dragon elementalist whose top specialty was aerial combat. Only through teamwork were the two girls barely able to keep up with the dragon knight.
From the way it looked, Kamito could not expect any reinforcements within short time.
—At this moment, the sound of trees falling could be heard from behind.
"...What now!?"
Turning back, Kamito found amidst the collapsed trees a massive ground dragon!
"A tyrant dragon spirit...!"
"You are the Knights of the Dragon Emperor's prey!"
Riding the viciously roaring dragon was a girl in a military uniform who looked down at him.
"Kazehaya Kamito. Deceiving Leonora-sama is a severe crime!"
"What are you talking about!?"
"Talking is useless, prepare to die!"
The ground dragon roared viciously and swung its massive front limbs.
Kamito hastily used his sword to block the attack, but—
(...W-What is with this monstrous strength!)
Tyrant dragon spirits were unable to fly, but instead possessed overwhelming strength.
Even someone like Kamito could hardly block its attack with one hand.
"...Take—This!"
Even so, Kamito released divine power in his legs and endured forcibly.
However, if this continued, Fianna would be crushed behind him—
"How foolish. To even dare try beating a combat-type tyrant dragon spirit in a contest of strength!"
"Guh... Oooh..."
With a frightening roar, the tyrant dragon spirit concentrated all its weight on its claws.
Kamito's feet sank deeply into the ground as he fell upon his knees.
(...Guh, if she wants a battle of strength—)
"Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!"
Kamito infused the Demon Slayer with maximum divine power.
Releasing dazzling brilliance, the sword sliced through the tyrant dragon spirit's hard claws.
"What!?"
The female dragon knight faltered.
(Success—!)
Continuing the momentum from slicing the claws, Kamito chopped towards the tyrant dragon spirit's neck—
"...Kamito-kun!"
In that instant, Kamito was struck in the flank, sending his entire body tumbling to the side.
"Cough...!"
His vision began to spin. His body struck a stone wall.
"Fufu, how helpful of you to seal his movements."
"You... Bitch...!"
The massive wrecking ball pierced Kamito's abdomen deeply.
"...How shocking to think he managed to take on the Morningstar's attack."
"Kazehaya Kamito is my prey. Stop interfering!"
"Ara, the one who started making a move on other people's prey is clearly you."
Faced with the furious dragon knight, Alda Reed shrugged.
"Kamito-kun, pull yourself together, Kamito-kun...!"
...He could hear Fianna's cries. The voice was getting more and more distant and vague.
Color swiftly faded from his face. Many ribs were broken—
(...Damn it, my consciousness... is..."
Warm light enveloped Kamito's entire body.
Fianna was probably casting healing spirit magic. But its effects hardly amounted to a drop in the bucket. Kamito's body repelled holy spirit magic.
"Fianna... Hurry... Flee...!"
"I won't let you have your way—"
Alda sent Kamito flying with the wrecking ball again.
Sparks flickered. As his body was struck into the air, Kamito's consciousness suddenly dimmed.
(...D-Damn it... In this kind of place...)
Just as Kamito fainted, he reached out involuntarily.
—Hurry and awaken, Kamito.
He heard the voice of her whom he longed for.
(...Eh?)
Resounding in his mind was a comforting voice—
(...Could it be Restia?)
Opening his eyes slightly, Kamito felt intense pain all over his body.
"...-kun, Kamito-kun...!"
Thrown on the ground, Kamito could hear Fianna's desperate cries.
Then did the voice Kamito heard just now belong to Fianna instead of Restia—?
(...No, that's not right. I couldn't possibly have recognized her voice wrongly.)
Kamito searched for signs of Restia in his view.
—Then he noticed for the first time.
A one-handed sword hanging by Fianna's waist.
(Could that be the Vorpal Sword!?)
There was a reason why it took him this long to notice.
The sword's body was blacker than night, seeming as if it melded into the darkness.
Although there were slight differences in its shape, it was without a doubt the demon sword of darkness Kamito once wielded in the past.
(...Why would Fianna be carrying Restia?)
Just as this question struck Kamito.
—Clang. A sudden intense pain.
This was not the result of external injuries. Instead, this was intense pain coming from inside as if his head was being torn apart.
Then—
—If you wish to obtain enough power to protect what is precious to you, Kamito, then go on and awaken.
Once again, he heard that voice.
Coming from inside his skull, her whispers—Rather it is a voice very similar to hers.
Bathump, bathump—Kamito felt his heart beating intensely. It was as if all the blood in his entire body was boiling.
—A great power lies dormant within you. I can release this power.
(...Wha...t... Who on earth, are you...?)
Bathump. Bathump. Bathump. Bathump. Bathump. Bathump.
His blood was boiling. All the muscles of his body began to convulse. His bones creaked noisily.
"Ah... Guh, ah, ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!"
"Kamito-kun, what's the matter—uwah!"
Kamito roared and suddenly knocked Fianna away from his side.
"Fian...na... Stay away from me, fur... ther...!"
"Kamito... -kun...?"
Bathump. Bathump. Bathump. Bathump. Bathump. Bathump.
As the heart beat drove his sanity mad, Kamito's consciousness was consumed by darkness.
—Very well, the time to awaken has arrived. Demon King Ren Ashbell.
Then, it awakened.
"Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh—!"
Out from Kamito's throat came a roar like a beast's.
"What!?" "What is going on!?"
Kamito suddenly stood up, causing the two elementalists to widen their eyes.
Wielding the Demon Slayer, he stared at the tyrant dragon spirit ahead of him with a hollow gaze.
Instantly, the massive spirit stepped back as if fearful of Kamito despite its greater size.
"Impossible! That body should not be able to move—"
The female dragon knight yelled with an expression of disbelief.
However, her sentence which resembled a scream was not finished.
Instantly closing in, Kamito swung the Demon Slayer.
The tyrant dragon spirit's massive body was instantly sliced into two.
Its body cut into halves, the tyrant dragon spirit dissipated into the air.
"...Eh?"
The dragon knight who had been riding it fell to the ground, immobilized in shock.
She seemed like she had not understood what just happened.
"...No way... Right? With one hit, a tyrant dragon..."
Raising his great sword, Kamito ignored her and continued.
Dangling one broken arm, he advanced forward like a specter.
(...What is this power?)
The calm part of his mind puzzled.
Chopping apart the tyrant dragon spirit just now came undoubtedly out of his own will.
Driven by the impulse to destroy, he had swung the Demon Slayer.
(What on earth, am I... Guh...)
In opposition to his lingering shred of rationality, his boiling blood yearned for battle.
"...W-What... What on earth is going on!?"
Standing on the wall, Alda Reed could not help but waver, her voice trembling.
Clear signs of fear appeared on her face.
Kamito slowly turned towards her and leaped from the ground.
"Yee—"
Alda's face distorted out of fear—
"Y-You... Go and diiiiiiiiiiiiieee!"
She launched her elemental waffe, the Morningstar.
The iron chain flew haphazardly through the night sky.
However, its complicated motion looked as though it was standing still in Kamito's eyes.
Releasing divine power from his toes, he accelerated—Running on the wildly dancing chains themselves.
Alda's face was consumed with disbelief. As if she were saying how could this be possible—!
"Ah, ahhhhhhhhhhh!"
Entering a complete state of fearful panic, she swung the chain randomly.
But it was merely a futile struggle. Kamito ran as if his feet were attracted to the chain.
The Instructional School's special combat steps, the Demon Spider—a technique that allowed one to stick to a surface by wrapping the soles of the feet in divine power.
However, this was a technique intended for moving through narrow passages and was not supposed to work on a wildly dancing chain. Truly god-like in execution.
Kamito jumped and landed lightly on the wall where Alda was standing.
"Ah, ahhh... Ahhhhh..."
Alda Reed loosened her grip and dropped her elemental waffe, falling to her knees.
The tip of the sacred sword pointed to the girl as her mouth opened and closed.
—Indeed, the sword was thrust towards the enemy.
Her voice resounded in his mind nonstop.
Unable to resist the impulse, Kamito raised the sword with his trembling hand.
"O-Oh... Ohhhh, oh...!"
(...No, I can't...!)
Freezing his posture with the sword raised, Kamito stopped his movements.
The opponent had already dropped her weapon and stopped resisting. Swinging his sword at an opponent like that was not allowed. However—
—No need to hesitate. You are the Demon King.
—Commit atrocities as you desire, violate as you desire, destroy as you desire.
(...I am the... Demon... King...)
...Clang. Clang clang clang clang.
His head began to hurt again.
Every time her voice resounded in his mind, his rationality was gradually swallowed by the darkness.
"I... must... Ah, ahhh, ah... Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!"
Just as Kamito was about to swing down the Demon Slayer—
—Kamito!
The weight suddenly disappeared from his hands.
"...!?"
Losing balance, Kamito fell over forwards.
Poof—The one who caught him was a girl with silver-white hair.
Her petite body embraced his injured body tenderly.
Her fine hair bushed against his face.
"Es...t...?"
Kamito muttered hoarsely.
His sanity recovered just as it was about to be devoured by the darkness.
"It's okay now, Kamito?"
Est embraced Kamito's back lightly as she whispered.
Alda Reed of the Sacred Spirit Knights had completely lost all will to fight by this point.
Enshrouded by the silence of endless darkness—
The darkness spirit girl could feel a slight pulsation.
(Kamito, are you there?)
—Indeed, he was by her side.
However, her words could not reach him.
The connection of the spirit contract had already been severed. Even if Kamito were to take up the demon sword that Restia had transformed into, it was already too late.
(Kamito, do not listen to my voice, I have already—)
But her voice could not be transmitted no matter what.
Thus her lamentations were devoured by darkness, disappearing into space.

After taking the magic stones from the two elementalists, belonging to the Knights of the Dragon Emperor and the Sacred Spirit Knights respectively, Kamito met up with Ellis and the rest.
The flying dragon elementalist instantly retreated as soon as she realized her teammate had been defeated.
Including Muir Alenstarl who had forfeited voluntarily, Kamito's team had now obtained three magic stones.
Fenrir was used to take the injured Kamito and Fianna over to a nearby shrine. A large piece of cloth was laid on the floor while Kamito lay on it, with a healing stone resting on top of his broken arm.
Although Fianna's spirit magic was normally more effective, due to her current unstable state of divine power, only magic amounting to emergency first aid could be used.
"...Seriously, you are way too reckless."
"To think you would use a broken arm to blade dance, how unbelievable!"
Ellis and Rinslet both exclaimed in surprise.
Their expressions were both worried and relieved.
"Umm... I don't quite believe it myself... Ouch!"
Kamito looked down at his arm that was bent strangely out of shape.
(...Back then, what was that driving me?)
The voice that resounded within his mind, whose was it—?
Even though it was very similar to Restia's voice, there were subtle differences.
Rather than the tonal quality or anything of that sort, it was the personality hidden behind the voice that gave him a sense of dissonance.
(...It can't be completely unrelated to her, I guess.)
Suddenly, Kamito's gaze shifted towards Fianna who was lying beside him.
Her dusk-colored eyes seemed even dimmer. One could instantly tell she was currently very weak.
Compared to fatigue of the body, her mental exhaustion seemed even more severe.
Although Kamito hesitated over whether he should talk to her, there were some things he needed to ask.
Regarding the demon sword of darkness she was carrying.
Why would Fianna be holding on to the Vorpal Sword—
"Ooh, mmm..."
Probably noticing Kamito's gaze, Fianna turned towards him.
"Fianna, are you okay now?"
"Yeah. I'm sorry for making you worry. What about you, Kamito-kun?"
"No need to worry about me, these kinds of minor injuries heal fast."
"This is no minor injury okay, jeez..."
Ellis interjected with mild anger.
"By the way, aren't you two hungry? Why don't I prepare something to eat—"
"When the body is unwell, heavy meals should be avoided."
"In that case, I have a lot of canned peaches. Claire decided on her own to stuff them all in there."
Saying that, Rinslet took out several tins of peaches from Fenrir's mouth.
Hearing Claire's name, Fianna suddenly stood up.
"Fianna?"
"...I have something I need to tell you all."
Fianna turned her gaze towards everyone with a solemn expression.
After listening to Fianna's explanation—
For a moment, Kamito and the rest kept exchanging glances in silence.
...This was hardly surprising. What Fianna revealed was completely shocking.
Rubia Elstein—Claire's elder sister by blood, the Calamity Queen who had betrayed the Elemental Lords.
She was the true identity of the fake Ren Ashbell.
Fianna had first discovered the truth back when she was imprisoned by Sjora Kahn. Back then, it was Rubia Elstein who rescued Fianna.
"I'm sorry for keeping this from everyone all this time. Even though I had wanted to tell you earlier."
"...No, if I were in your place, I would probably have done the same."
Kamito comforted Fianna who had her head bowed down.
Ren Ashbell—the greatest enemy she had to defeat was actually her very own elder sister, of course this sort of thing could not be told to Claire.
Despite appearances, Claire was a very delicate girl. Confronted with the cold hard truth which could completely subdue her heart, she could very well lose her power as an elementalist.
Fianna had kept things secret in her heart alone because Claire's keen senses might notice something if Kamito and the rest were told.
However, Claire had now discovered the truth.
(Claire...)
Kamito knew how much effort she had invested in order to see her older sister again.
The kind of thoughts, feelings and determination she embraced to participate in this current Blade Dance.
Surely, she must have suffered an unimaginably heavy blow.
(...In a critical time, I was not able to protect her.)
I will be your contracted spirit—That was what he had promised her clearly.
Kamito silently clenched his trembling fist.
"But why would Claire's older sister steal Ren Ashbell's identity to participate in this blade dance festival?"
"I don't know what her intentions are either."
Ellis inquired with puzzlement but Fianna could only shake her head.
"However, the reason why she took Claire away was obvious. In order to make her the Darkness Queen. —For making Kamito-kun awaken as the Demon King."
"...!?"
—Throb. Kamito's head began to hurt again.
The Demon King—the successor to the Darkness Elemental Lord whose existence had been purged from proper history.
Like Rubia, Restia also wanted Kamito awaken as the Demon King.
(...What on earth is the reason?)
What relation did this have with her Wish three years ago—?
Kamito looked at the demon sword Fianna handed over.
The Vorpal Sword was apparently entrusted to Fianna by Claire just before she was taken away.
As for why Claire was in possession of this sword—What had transpired was unclear.
(Could it be that she was protecting Restia?)
...The demon sword held in his hand gave no response.
Even when Kamito tried infusing a small amount of divine power into it, there was no reaction. Given this kind of state, even if Restia could return to human form, she could not be used as an elemental waffe.
Kamito had clearly been searching for her throughout these three years, but now that he finally retrieved her, there was no sense of reality. The current Vorpal Sword was merely a symbolic representation in the form of a sword.
"We must hurry to save Claire!"
Rinslet stood up and yelled vigorously.
Normally elegant in behavior, she was now quite anxious.
...She really did worry a lot about Claire. Although the pair of childhood friends quarreled often, Kamito knew that they were close friends dating back to their childhood.
"Indeed, although we have no idea what Claire's elder sister intends, we cannot stand back and ignore when our comrade has been abducted like this."
Ellis nodded seriously and declared. She and Claire were often in opposition in the past, but by now she had come to regard Claire as a precious comrade.
"But where is Claire actually?"
Suppressing his anxious emotions, Kamito asked calmly.
The abandoned city Megidoa was a very vast place. And covered by the sea of trees, the ruins were like a labyrinth. Searching randomly would only prove fruitless.
"Although this is only my speculation..."
Fianna nodded as she said.
"Rubia-sama will surely perform the ritual for making Claire the Darkness Queen here in this abandoned city. In order to conduct such a large scale ritual, naturally a place with powerful leylines would be selected. Thinking back, when I was captured by Sjora Kahn, she also chose an ancient shrine with powerful leylines, right?"
"But aren't the leylines in this abandoned city unusable?"
"Yeah. Indeed the leylines in this abandoned city have become broken and fragmented due to the past Spirit War. But exactly because of that, it is difficult to find areas where the leylines remain intact."
"...I see."
If a piece of land contained many leylines, there would be too many choices for performing rituals and very hard to narrow down. However, within this abandoned city, eligible locations were very rare.
In other words, all they need to find was a place where leylines gathered and very likely it would be the place where the ritual for making Claire the Darkness Queen would be held—Essentially that.
"Although I can't use Clairvoyance at Princess Linfa's high level, I can still use it to find leylines."
Fianna turned towards Rinslet.
"Can you give me a water basin for ritual use? Also, please prepare a few jewels."
"Understood. Fenrir!"
Hearing Rinslet's command, Fenrir widened its huge jaws and spat out the luggage from the alternate dimension.
Appearing before Kamito and the girls' eyes was a massive water basin for rituals.
"—Create water!"
Rinslet placed her hand on the basin and used magic to fill it with purified water.
Fianna knelt down before the basin and placed several jewels into the water.
"O Jewels, display for me where the power of the world is distributed—"
Reacting to the solemn spell, the jewels floating on the water surface began to spin rapidly.
Treating this much smaller water basin as the abandoned city, the jewels began to seek out locations where leylines flowed.
"How is it?"
"Please wait a moment... The spirit seals' interference makes things hard to read."
Sweat appeared on Fianna's forehead.
(...The spirit seals are interfering with each other huh.)
Kamito glanced at Fianna's right hand.
The fire spirit seal Claire had entrusted her was carved right there.
Using the Covenant exchanged between royalty and nobility, Claire had transferred Scarlet's spirit contract to Fianna. Hence, Fianna was currently in a very unstable state for an elementalist, that of dual contracts.
"There are no active leylines nearby... Probably, much farther away..."
Widening her dusk-colored eyes, Fianna stared unerringly at the water basin.
"Places where leylines are gathered... There... are a number of them... Yah!?"
Suddenly, Fianna screamed as her hands left the basin as if they were repelled.
A tiny flame burst out from her right hand and started dancing violently in the air.
"Fianna, are you okay!?"
"Yeah... Just a bit surprised—"
"Your Highness, there's fire!"
Rinslet pointed at the water basin.
The flame suddenly crossed over to the water basin, finally focusing into a point.
"...What is going on?"
"Could it be Scarlet telling us where Claire is located?"
Hearing Kamito's suggestion, everyone stared at the water basin.
...The fire remained in one position without moving.
Soon after—
"...No doubt about it, this is Scarlet's will."
Fianna explained as she looked at the glowing spirit seal on her right hand.
"Even after the spirit seal has been transferred, Scarlet still seems to maintain some connection to Claire, the original master."
Despite being unable to manifest in the form of the hell cat, Scarlet was still trying to help out her master.
"As expected of Scarlet!"
Rinslet exclaimed in admiration as she watched the flame on the water basin.
"Well then, Your Highness, do you know where this is located?"
Ellis asked.
"This is the most eastern end of the abandoned city. Uh, the distance from here is—"
Fianna swiftly calculated the relative distance between the flame and the jewels.
"Based on our speed, two or three hours traveling directly in a straight line."
"Two or three hours traveling directly in a straight line..."
Kamito muttered with a solemn expression.
Fianna's conclusion was ultimately just a theoretical shortest distance in a straight line. But in actual fact, the abandoned city was a labyrinth with a sea of trees growing all over the ruins. Along the way, they could be attacked by Forsaken Spirits and might even come into conflict with other teams.
Although Ellis could use wind magic to fly in the air, flying continuously for hours was not possible. And alone, she could not get Claire back from Rubia's clutches.
"We must get Claire back before the Darkness Queen ritual is completed..."
Just as the entire atmosphere within the shrine was weighed down by a gloomy solemnity—
"All we need is a way that guarantees that we reach the destination without encountering enemies along the way, right?"
Hearing Rinslet's question, everyone turned to look at her in puzzlement.
...A dream. One that she seldom dreamt, a dream about that particular day.
"No way... I won't believe it..."
Young Claire could be heard crying her eyes out in the front gates.
"Nee-sama couldn't possibly have done that...!"
Several horse-drawn carriages were waiting in front of the gates of the massive castle built on a gentle hill.
As Claire cried, the Empire's soldiers were taking away her parents before her eyes.
After a nominal trial at the imperial capital, Duke and Duchess Elstein were sentenced to Barses Prison that was notorious for detaining political prisoners.
"...Father... Sniff... Mother... Waaaaaaaaaaaah!"
As Claire cried loudly, she clutched her one-piece dress, creasing the hem completely.
But no one came to help her. All the retainers who used to act so gently were now casting ice-cold gazes at her.
Rather than compassion or sadness, their gazes were filled with hatred and derision. After the Elstein family lost their title and their lands, the daughter held no residual value at all.
"—Stand up, younger sister of the traitor."
A haughty officer violently pulled young Claire by the hand.
"That Elstein spirit contracted to you, return it to the imperial family."
"...Eh?"
"Return your spirit to the imperial family. Come on, hurry and stand up!"
"...No, no way!"
Claire shook her head and pleaded.
"Scarlet is my precious friend."
"Shut up! You're the younger sister of the traitor who shamed the Empire!"
The officer slapped Claire, completely without mercy.
"...!"
"Are you trying to delay me from finishing my job!?"
"I-It hurts... Yaaaaaaa....!"
Claire screamed as she was dragged forcefully by the arm.
"Hey, hold on. Getting serious with a child is just simply unsightly—"
—Suddenly someone grabbed the officer's arm from the side.
"This girl and the flame spirit shall be under my supervision for now."
"W-What did you say? Dame Greyworth!"
The officer looked at that person fearfully.
"I can sense exceptional talent from this girl. Wrecking the opportunity here would be quite a shame. If she went to study at my Academy, I'm certain she will become an excellent elementalist."
"Th-This is no joking matter! This girl is the younger sister of that Calamity Queen!"
"...So what? Are you objecting to my decision, one made by the Dusk Witch?"
With eyes as sharp as an eagle's, she glared at the officer.
"O-Of course not, if Dame Greyworth says so, how would I dare..."
The officer nodded reluctantly.
"Dame Greyworth, this will only worsen your position within the imperial palace, you know?"
Greyworth simply shrugged in response to the threat.
Once the officer and the soldiers had left, she bowed her head and looked down at Claire.
Even someone as ignorant in worldly affairs as Claire would have heard of the Dusk Witch's title.
Served by a powerful demon spirit, reputed to have vanquished even archdemon-class spirits, the continent's strongest elementalist.
"Stand up, Elstein lass."
"...!"
"Don't make me repeat myself. Hurry and get up."
"Y-Yes...!"
Claire timidly stood up.
"The parents who have protected you until now are gone. Are you ready to decide your own fate by your own will?"
"Yes—"
Young Claire was faced with a choice.
At that point in time, it was still possible for Claire to hand over Scarlet to the imperial family, move away to another place to hide her identity and live the rest of her life as an ordinary girl.
As for her other choice, a cruel fate undoubtedly awaited her.
—But Claire had already made her decision.
"I will see my elder sister again. To see her and to find out the truth!"
"...Very well, then become strong, Elstein lass."
Seeing something in Claire's eyes as she nodded—
Greyworth narrowed her eagle-like eyes and smiled.
—Several months after that, having already abandoned the Elstein name, Claire placed first in the entrance exams for Areishia Spirit Academy, thereby entering the gateway to success through the preparatory institution for Ordesia's prestigious families.
However, that was merely the beginning of Claire's trials.
"...Did you know? That girl is the younger sister of the Calamity Queen."
"Woah! Why would such a scary child be in the same academy as us?"
Mercilessly targeted by hateful and derisive gazes, Claire spent every single day in fear.
Even so, she did not run away because she had resolved herself to her goal of meeting her sister once again.
"Hey, did you know? Having a girl like you around here is very troubling."
"I-I'm sorry, but..."
"So, how about we destroy this spirit seal for you?"
"N-No, don't...!"
"What are you people doing!?"
Rinslet yelled as she rushed into Claire's classroom.
"Ara, are you trying to oppose your elders?"
"Even as a daughter of the Laurenfrost family, you are just a student like everyone else within this school."
The upperclassmen nobles mocked.
"Indeed, family background means nothing within the Academy. Let us decide the victor purely through power?"
Rinslet smiled with composure as she released a magical snowstorm at the upperclassmen.
"Woah! W-We'll get you next time!"
Leaving behind such words, the girls fled frantically.
"Rinslet-chan... Th-Thank you."
"Hmph, it's not like I wanted to help you. I simply hate that sort of people."
Rinslet blushed and shifted her gaze away.
"I-I must become stronger..."
"...Claire?"
Rinslet watched in amazement as Claire immersed herself in deep thought.
"That's right, I'll become stronger... Much much stronger, stronger than anyone else..."
Strong enough to obtain victory in the Blade Dance, to meet up with her older sister again.
...Then on that day, three years ago, Claire met her.
Rather, it did not really count as meeting for Claire simply idolized her from afar.
The Strongest Blade Dancer—Ren Ashbell.
An otherworldly beauty, roughly the same age as her.
Love at first sight. Claire wished to become just as strong, to be able to perform a blade dance just as elegant.
In the center of the arena where confetti flew, the black-haired girl was surrounded by tremendous cheers.
The face of the girl began to overlap with a young man's face familiar to Claire—
"...Kami... to...?"
Waking up from a long dream, the first thing that entered Claire's view was a shining magic circle beneath her feet.
"This place is...?"
She saw a vast space around her.
Numerous stone pillars supported a tall ceiling. Candlesticks were lit up, illuminating walls with strangely designed sculptures carved upon them.
(Looks like the ruins of some historical site...)
Claire surveyed the surroundings with unease—
At this time, she finally remembered.
(Right... Nee-sama took me—)
The cruel truth she did not want to face.
—The fake Ren Ashbell turned out to be her own elder sister Rubia.
She had captured Claire and brought her here.
...If only I could simply treat this all as just a dream.
However, her right hand, with its missing spirit seal, pointed out the cold hard truth.
(...How much time has passed since I was brought here?)
Claire sighed in her mind.
Could night have already arrived? Since light did not reach the interior of the ruins, there was no way to tell the passage of time.
(Looks like my clothes have been changed to a priestess' garb...)
Claire gripped the long hem that dangled all the way down to the floor.
She was currently dressed in high-ranking ritual attire that only Queens wore.
Her twintails had been untied and carefully combed. A golden jeweled crown had been placed upon her head.
The last time she ever dressed like this was back when she was invited to participate in the Grand Spirit Festival at the imperial capital during her childhood.
(...Nee-sama mentioned she was going to make me the Darkness Queen for serving the Demon King.)
—In that case, this ritual attire must be part of the preparations.
(—Screw that. How could I let Kamito become the Demon King!?)
She had to escape as quickly as possible—
Just as she stood up, intending to run—
"...Yah!"
Claire felt intense pain in her fingers.
"...Oh well, of course."
Claire frowned painfully and groaned.
The magic circle carved on the ground seemed to be a barrier for imprisoning Claire.
"Given some time, maybe I can dispel it."
Just as Claire bent over to decipher the spell—
"I constructed this barrier. No one can dispel it other than Queens equal in rank to me."
The gates to the room were slowly being pushed open.
"...Nee-sama!"
Claire held her breath.
The one who appeared was her elder sister in a scarlet mask.
Accompanied by the sound of heavy military boots, the elder sister approached. Claire glared back defiantly.
For the past four years, she had survived desperately for the sake of meeting her sister again.
—To see her and ask about the truth.
However, even though she was now clearly before her, Claire did not know what to say.
To cry, to hate or to scold—Or to express some other words. The thousands of words she had prepared for this very moment disappeared without a trace like a puff of smoke.
(...I miss you. All this time, I wanted to see you.)
Those ruby eyes filled with silent flames were identical to Claire's.
Except with one decisive difference.
Not simply the result of four years' passage, but an even more absolute difference.
(—Nee-sama has changed. Changed into a Nee-sama I don't recognize.)
First of all, she had to confirm this fact.
(...However, I am the same in this regard.)
Claire had already bid her young self goodbye.
Given Claire's earlier self, she would have submitted long ago.
She was only able to stand before her sister now because she was no longer the same.
(...I, as well as Kamito. And everyone else in the team.)
Hence, she was not going to shift her gaze away from the truth before her eyes.
"Nee-sama!"
—Claire finally squeezed out a voice.
Next—
"...Nee-sama, why did you betray the Elemental Lords?"
Claire asked as she stared straight into the eyes behind the mask.
Rubia returned her gaze head on.
"Because it is necessary. To save this world."
"...Save this world?"
Hearing her sister's unexpected reply, Claire became confused.
"Indeed, to save this world, I must vanquish—Those Elemental Lords."
"—Are you serious, Nee-sama?"
Claire shut her mouth in astonishment.
Has she gone mad, driven by a sense of vengeance—?
"Without the grace and blessings of the Five Great Elemental Lords, the people living on this continent cannot start fires, cultivate the land, or even benefit from wind and water!"
"—Indeed. Hence, this world must be destroyed once."
"...!"
This time—Claire was rendered completely speechless.
Rubia's speech did not display any sense of falsehood or confusion. Her words carried relentless resolve.
Those eyes, the same color as Claire's, what on earth have they seen—
"Standing on equal footing with the Elemental Lords is the power of the Demon King—So long as that power is obtained, destroying the Elemental Lords is not impossible."
"B-But in that case, many spirits will be destroyed!"
The Elemental Lords were not only powerful spirits but also beings who ruled spirits of the natural world.
Destroying them meant that the power of spirits would disappear completely from the entire continent.
Once this happened, who knew what terrifying chaos would result in this world that was built using the power of spirits—
(...No, surely it was not only limited to chaos.)
Chaos brought distrust, distrust brought terror—Very likely, a great tragedy completely surpassing the Ranbal War in the past would result.
"Nee-sama, you are saying that causing that kind of war is necessary?"
"In order to liberate humans from the spirits, sacrifice cannot be avoided, no matter how large."
"How could that be... Nee-sama!"
Claire's fingertips touched the barrier, causing an intense eruption of sparks.
"...I have already abandoned the name of Elstein. I am no longer your elder sister!"
Rubia ended the conversation on her own and turned away.
"The ritual will start after the preparations are complete. Before that, stay there obediently."
"Nee-sama... Wait up, Nee-samaaaaaaaa!"
Claire's screams were drowned out by the shutting sound of the stone doors.

"—This direction leads to the underground entrance."
Under Rinslet's guidance, Kamito and the team returned to the central area of the abandoned city where they had fought Valaraukar in a deadly battle.
Avoiding the still burning flames, they entered the depths of the debris-filled historic ruins to find a long and narrow staircase leading down underground.
"...To think there was a place like this. How amazing of you to notice it."
"I was initially transported by the Leap to the underground maze. Also, if it weren't for this girl who led the way, I would probably still be trapped underground."
"Girl who led the way?"
"We'll surely meet her again once I return underground."
Rinslet used spirit magic to lit a light in her palm as they walked down the dark staircase.
Kamito and the rest exchanged glances and followed her down.
These steps seemed to have been built during extremely ancient times and were severely worn and eroded.
"...What a creepy place."
Ellis hugged her shoulders and grumbled.
"Ara, are you afraid?"
"O-Of course not!"
Ellis denied defiantly.
Seeing the usually stern and awe-inspiring captain of the knights display such an unexpected side, Kamito smiled wryly.
"Ooh... Kamito, what are you laughing at!?"
"Sorry... Hey, don't swing your sword in a place like this!"
"Okay, we've arrived."
Rinslet turned around the hand with light.
At the bottom of the staircase was a passageway with High Ancient script carved on the flanking walls.
"...This place too, is it a historic site dating to the Spirit War?"
"Apparently. Carved on the stone walls are names of ancient spirits."
Fianna felt the carvings on the walls with her fingertips as she spoke.
"Up ahead, there's even a wall with Est-san's name on it."
"...Est's name?"
Kamito looked at the sacred sword at his waist.
Est was a legendary spirit weapon active during the Spirit War. It was not too surprising for her name to be carved on historic sites dating back to the Spirit War.
Next, Kamito looked up to examine the walls of the passageway.
The passage was so narrow it was almost impossible to swing a sword. If they met an enemy ambush, things could get troublesome.
"Are there any Forsaken Spirits here?"
"Now that you mention it, I was not attacked at all."
"This place is different from the ground surface. It's filled with an air of purity. Perhaps this was a mausoleum for spirits in the Spirit War."
"...I see, a mausoleum."
In that case, it was only natural that the Forsaken Spirits born from the spirits' resentment would not appear in this place.
When they first heard Rinslet explain about the underground maze, everyone was still slightly apprehensive. But after considering the low chances of encountering enemies here, it should be much safer than traveling above ground.
However, there was still a huge problem.
"...So, do you know the way?"
"Yeah, no problem for sure."
"...For sure? This description makes me very worried."
"—Fenrir!"
Ignoring Ellis' criticism, Rinslet snapped her fingers.
The massive white wolf was summoned from empty space and opened its mouth.
Together with blowing snow, out came—
"...A frying pan? As well as eggs, flour and milk?"
Kamito frowned.
"...Rinslet, what on earth are you doing?"
"Next, I'll make special pancakes."
Rinslet held the frying pan and smiled adorably.
"...Ooh, pancakes?"
"Actually, I do feel a bit hungry."
Ellis and Fianna looked at each other.
Speaking of which, Kamito and the group only had a bit of soup and bread during dawn.
Furthermore, in defense of the young ladies' honor, elementalists easily become hungry through the use of spirits.
...Absolutely, it was not because these girls were gluttons.
"I'll prepare food for everyone later."
After putting a fire spirit crystal on the ground, Rinslet placed the frying pan on top of it.
"These are offerings for summoning a spirit."
"Spirit?"
Kamito asked in amazement.
"My savior who rescued me when I was lost underground and showed me the way to the surface."
...After that, several minutes passed.
As sizzling sounds came from the frying pan, the sweet fragrance of slightly charred butter wafted through the passageway.
While making her special pancakes, Rinslet explained the whole story about how she escaped the underground maze.
—Of course, she also talked about the incredible girl she met inside the maze.
"...A young girl spirit."
After hearing her story, Kamito crossed his arms and muttered.
According to Rinslet, a spirit with a young girl's appearance had told her how to reach the exit to the ground surface.
"Must be quite a high level spirit to be able to take on human form."
Like Est and Restia, spirits who manifested in complete human form were extremely rare, even in Astral Zero. Of course, not all high level spirits existed in human form, but appearing as a young girl implied that she must be quite a powerful spirit.
"She really needs to be thanked properly for helping you, Rinslet."
"Yeah, so I promised her already, we'll help her leave this place."
The girl spirit was apparently sealed in this underground maze by a powerful barrier. Furthermore, she had lost virtually all her memories.
"Are you able to release this seal, Your Highness?"
"Eh, let's see..."
Prompted by Rinslet's question, Fianna rested her chin on her hand as she entered deep thought.
"I think in my current state, I will have difficulty releasing a barrier that is able to seal a high level spirit. But I will still try my best..."
"Thank you."
Rinslet bowed her head.
"However, will that spirit really appear?"
Ellis asked, a little doubtful.
"Rest assured. Even Fenrir offers undying praise for my pancakes."
Rinslet placed her specially made pancakes on a porcelain dish and sprinkled liberal amounts of honey.
"...But it is hard to imagine spirits of the highest level being enticed by food."
Ellis said, somewhat worried. Kamito agreed on this point.
(...Well, we do have a sword spirit here who loves bean curd.)
After that, they waited a while longer—
"...No one is coming."
"H-How strange."
Rinslet surveyed her surroundings, slightly taken aback.
...If this continued, her specially made pancakes were going to get cold.
"Then can I test the taste, a little bit?"
"Not allowed."
Rinslet slapped Kamito on the back of the hand just as he was reaching out to the food.
"Kamito-kun, I allow you to taste me carefully, okay?"
"Fianna, what on earth are you talking about!?"
Just as Kamito retorted—
(...?)
Glare—
He suddenly felt someone's intense gaze.
"What is it, Kamito?"
"Well, I felt someone watching just now—"
Kamito reached for the hilt of his sword as he stared into the depths of the darkness.
Twitch... Where the passage made a turn, he discovered a figure that quickly hid itself.
"...?"
Kamito rubbed his eyes.
(...I think I saw something resembling insect antennae?)
Twitch, twitch... He saw two bouncing antennae again.
"That thing, Rinslet, could that be...?"
"It's Miss Spirit!"
Rinslet raised her voice. Movements could be sensed in the darkness again.
"Kamito-kun, hurry and give chase!"
"Got it!"
Before he replied, Kamito had already started running.
The other party was also very swift in movement. But compared to Kamito when he was serious, it was nowhere near enough.
"W-Wait up!"
"Fuah!"
In the darkness, Kamito pushed his fleeing quarry to the ground. It was a little violent, but capturing this nimble fellow would be very difficult otherwise.
"W-What are you doing, you insolent fellow!"
The girl struggled desperately in Kamito's grasp.
She was apparently wearing an outfit with a very long hem. Kamito could hear the sound of clothing rubbing intensely.
"...I'm sorry! Please calm down and listen to me!"
"Noooooooooooooo!"
Another round of struggling.
"Kamito-san, where are you?"
"Here!"
Rinslet and the girls lit a light and ran over.
Then—
"...Kyah!" "Ahhh!" "Wha...!"
The three girls instantly froze in expression.
"...?"
Getting a bad premonition, Kamito looked at the girl he had captured.
Over there—
"Sob, sob..."
Tears glimmering in her clear eyes, the girl was half-naked with her priestess outfit pulled wide open.
"Kamito-san, what on earth were you trying to take advantage of in the confusion!?"
Rumble rumble rumble rumble rumble rumble rumble rumble...!
"N-No, this is a misunderstanding!"
On the floor, Kamito frantically screamed for dear life.
Chew chew. Chew chew.
The young girl dressed as a priestess was enjoying the pancakes.
On top of her hair which resembled the color of shimmering water, two antennae of hair stood upright adorably.
This girl was the spirit who had helped Rinslet.
She was definitely a powerful spirit but one could not get that impression from her at all. In a certain sense, she was an even more carefree spirit than Est.
"Please eat as much as you'd like. I've got plenty of ingredients."
Rinslet smiled as she kept tossing the frying pan.
"Thank you. Your snacks are really tasty."
The spirit girl smiled as she handed the dish over to Rinslet.
Having two younger sisters, Rinslet was especially adept at taking care of young girls. However, since this girl was a spirit, she should be actually much older than Kamito and the rest.
Suddenly Kamito's eyes met with the girl spirit.
But she immediately averted eye contact.
She seemed to be quite wary of everyone apart from Rinslet, especially Kamito.
...Oh well, I guess it's because our first encounter happened in such a terrible manner.
"By the way, Princess Maiden of Ice."
The girl paused her hand that was holding a pancake and asked Rinslet.
"Why have you returned here?"
Rinslet placed the frying pan aside and instantly sat up properly.
"Miss Spirit, in truth, I have a request to make of you."
"A request?"
The girl spirit tilted her head slightly.
"Yes. Could you please show us the way through this underground maze?"
Rinslet explained their situation to the girl.
Hearing that—
"Of course. After all, I was able to enjoy these tasty pancakes."
With honey still smeared around her mouth, the girl nodded.
"Please accept my utmost gratitude."
Rinslet bowed her head very politely.
Although many high level spirits were quite hard to please, this girl acted like a forthright and obedient child.
"Speaking of where the leylines are the most concentrated in this abandoned city, it should be—the Lost Cathedral."
"...Lost Cathedral?"
"The oldest sacrificial altar in the abandoned city. It was mentioned in the research materials Milla gathered."
Fianna clapped her hands together and said.
"Right, it was the headquarters of the faction opposing the Elemental Lords during the Spirit War in the past—"
The girl spirit nodded with a meek expression.
"You're quite knowledgeable of this place's history... But didn't you say you lost your memory?"
Kamito asked.
"I have been imprisoned here for almost three years. It's been so boring all this time so I have spent the time reading the history carved on these walls of the maze."
The girl spirit displayed an expression of despair.
"Miss Spirit, regarding this matter..."
Rinslet began to speak slowly at this time.
"Regarding the seal placed upon you, perhaps there might be a way to lift it."
"...Really!?"
The girl spirit widened her crystal-clear eyes.
"Yes. Princess, Your Highness—"
Urged by Rinslet, Fianna stepped forward.
"My name is Fianna Ray Ordesia, the second princess of the Ordesia Empire. I wish to offer the best of my humble efforts to attempt releasing the seal that binds you."
Fianna announced her name and title to the high level spirit with proper etiquette.
"..."
The girl looked at Rinslet with a troubled expression.
This spirit was really shy.
"Don't worry. Her Highness the princess is my friend."
"Rinslet's friend...?"
"Yes."
"..."
The girl spirit stared straight at Fianna—
"...I understand. I believe you."
Finally, she nodded as if resolving herself to some decision.
"In that case, may I be privy to your true name?"
"My true name..."
The girl spirit hesitated in response to Fianna's inquiry.
Rinslet suddenly understood.
"The seal placed upon you is very likely one that has a fixed and specified target. If we don't know your true name, it is impossible to release the seal."
"..."
The girl spirit remained silent for a while—
"...She is Rinslet's friend, is that so?"
Then turned towards Rinslet again.
"Yes, that is correct."
"Then I shall inform you expressly. My name is Iseria—Iseria Seaward."
"...Iseria Seaward?"
Fianna's dusk-colored eyes widened.
Kamito and Ellis could not help but exchange glances.
Because, that name was—
—Throb.
Suddenly, Kamito felt his head hurt.
(...That pain again.)
—Throb. Throb. Throb. Throb.
(...What on earth is going on? As soon as I heard that name, why—)
Gritting his teeth, Kamito tried to hide his pain.
Luckily, no one noticed his unusual behavior.
Everyone else's attention had been grabbed by the name the girl spoke.
"That is—"
Fianna swallowed.
"—The name of the Water Elemental Lord, right?"
"..."
Instantly, everyone fell into silence.
One of the Five Great Elemental Lords. The Water Elemental Lord—Iseria Seaward.
Her personification was generally regarded as a woman carrying a water pitcher.
Why would this girl spirit utter this name—
Her serious expression did not seem like she was joking.
"Indeed it is the name of the Water Elemental Lord. I found that out on the walls in this place."
The girl finally spoke amidst the tense atmosphere.
"—However, back when I first woke up in this abandoned city's underground, this was the only name I could remember."
The girl spirit bowed her head, a little disappointed.
Fianna responded with a "Oh, I get it now" expression:
"Perhaps you are kin to the water spirits?"
"Yes, that should be right, I feel solace whenever I am near water."
"The kin of water spirits have intimate ties to the Water Elemental Lord. It's not that surprising for the name Iseria Seaward to be present in your memories."
"Other than that, I have nothing that can identify myself. To someone who has absolutely nothing, this name is my cherished treasure."
The girl spirit nodded.
"—Hence, that is why I answered with the name of Iseria Seaward."
"...I see."
Rinslet gently placed her hand on the girl's shoulder.
"So, what else can you remember?"
Kamito asked after his headache finally subsided.
"All I know is the history depicted on these walls."
"...Hmm, this might be a bit tricky."
Fianna rested her chin on her hand as she worried.
"After all, you must recall your true name in order to release the seal."
"...I ...see."
Iseria slumped her shoulders in disappointment.
"Wait a minute, Your Highness the imperial princess."
As Rinslet glared at her, Fianna frantically waved her hands and clarified.
"H-However, I will surely do my best to help. If I do some research in the Divine Ritual Institute's Biblion, perhaps I may find methods for memory recovery. Although it might take some time, if you don't mind waiting until the current Blade Dance finishes—"
"Don't worry. I am already used to waiting... Thank you."
Iseria looked up and displayed a sincere smile.
Then she turned around and tugged Rinslet's sleeve.
"Very well, let's go. I will take you all to the Lost Cathedral."
—After that, Kamito and his group followed along the dark passage.
...Drip. Drip.
"...Wah!"
Providing lighting and walking in front, Ellis suddenly shuddered. She seemed like she was frightened by the water droplets dripping from the ceiling.
At some point along the way, the walls of the passageway switched to uneven rock.
The girl spirit—Iseria was holding hands with Rinslet with great affection between them.
"...Kamito-kun."
Fianna whispered from behind at this time.
"Hmm?"
"...Say, are you really okay?"
"What are you talking about?"
"Stop pretending. Just now, you looked a bit strange, Kamito-kun."
"..."
As expected of the former Queen candidate princess maiden. Her senses were truly keen.
"...Well, it's much better now."
Kamito stopped playing dumb and admitted honestly.
"—I heard a voice. Her voice."
"Kamito-kun's past contracted spirit?"
Fianna looked at the Vorpal Sword at Kamito's waist.
"No, that voice... Was not Restia's. Although it was very similar."
—The beckoning voice, tempting him to awaken as the Demon King.
Although Restia also hoped for Kamito's awakening, Kamito was certain it was not her voice.
"Somehow there's an ominous feeling to it. Restia's voice is supposed to be more soothing..."
"...Hmph, how envious."
The princess pouted for a moment then resumed a serious expression.
"The Kamito-kun who rescued me was not the usual Kamito-kun."
"...Yeah, I know."
Fianna was referring to back then when Kamito pointed his sword at the girl from the Sacred Spirit Knights.
(...At the time, I was swinging my sword purely on destructive impulses.)
But without losing his consciousness. After all, he was still swinging his sword by his own volition.
(If Est hadn't stopped me, if I continued—)
A terrible chill ran down his back.
That something lying dormant within Kamito would surely awaken.
Whether or not it was the existence known as the Demon King, who knew—
"..."
Restia did not answer.
His beloved sword, so familiar three years ago, was now nothing but a heavy piece of iron.
"Is the Darkness Elemental Lord's power really lying dormant in my body?"
Kamito whispered softly to himself.
...Anyone. He wanted someone, anyone, to refute him.
However—
"Regarding that, I don't know for sure."
Fianna shook her head.
"However, I do have some ideas."
"...?"
"Kamito-kun, your body deflects virtually all of my holy magic. Perhaps the reason is—"
Fianna stopped... What she was going to say was obvious.
The darkness attribute was opposite to the holy attribute—That was what she meant.
(I am the Demon King who will bring ruin and destruction to the continent?)
—In the past, that was what the old men at the Instructional School called him.
"D-Don't worry."
Fianna spoke swiftly to cheer up Kamito from his depression.
"Umm... O-On further thought, Kamito-kun, you're already the Demon King of the Night!"
"...Uh, that doesn't really count as cheering up."
Kamito shrugged wryly.
"...Ooh. What are you two whispering about?"
Walking in front, Ellis glared back with displeasure.
"W-We're not whispering, okay... By the way, has your knight spirit recovered, Fianna?"
Kamito frantically changed the subject.
...He did not want Ellis and the rest to worry over him as well.
Fianna realized his intentions.
"Yeah, recovered to a certain extent. However, the two spirit seals of Scarlet and Georgios are mutually interfering. Let alone highly systematic ritual magic, I fear I can't even release my elemental waffe."
"That's really quite problematic, Fianna. Your elemental waffe is quite important."
Kamito commented with arms folded.
The elemental waffe Save the Queen was a trump card that was capable of greatly raising the team's power.
Without it, new tactics would need to be devised.
(Come to think of it, Claire has always been the one who came up with the team's tactics...)
Just at this moment—
"...Did you hear that?"
Kamito heard faint sounds of water.
Still holding Rinslet's hand, Iseria turned around at this time.
"There is an underground hot spring up ahead. One of my favorite places."
"Hot spring?"
Kamito and the girls asked at the same time.
"Well, the abandoned city isn't located in a volcanic zone, right?"
"Of course it is no ordinary hot spring. The fires of war left over from the millennia-old Spirit War continue to burn underground to this day."
"Fires, several thousand years old... How amazing."
Kamito was astonished by the grand scale of things.
After walking a little while longer—
As described by Iseria, there was a massive underground lake covered with white steam.
"I never expected the abandoned city to have an underground lake like this..."
Ellis exclaimed emphatically.
Intense pillars of fire gushed from the surroundings of the underground lake.
Just as Kamito and the group neared the lake surface...
"...Wah!?"
Fianna suddenly screamed.
The spirit seal carved on her right hand began to emit dazzling light, illuminating the surroundings.
"Fianna, what happened!?"
"I-I don't know either... Wah!"
Crimson flames burst out from the spirit seal and landed on the ground.
From the flames appeared—
"Meow!"
"...Scarlet!?"
It was the hell cat spirit, lit on fire.
Scarlet ran around nimbly in the cave, rushing towards the fires burning around the underground lake.
"...Scarlet has already recovered huh."
Fianna commented as she breathed a sigh of relief.
The hell cat spirit had appeared on its own will rather than being summoned by her.
"...Probably attracted by the power of flames that fills this place."
Kamito turned to everyone.
"...Well then, what are we doing next?"
Scarlet most probably wanted to store up the power of the fire here.
—In that case, it was going to take quite some time.
"As it so happens, we might as well perform purification here."
"Good idea."
"Seconded."
Ellis and Rinslet expressed support for Fianna's suggestion.
Elementalists needed to cleanse and purify their bodies in order to tap into their full power. Naturally, even as a male elementalist, Kamito was no exception. Before sneaking into the Lost Cathedral, undergoing purification was necessary.
"However, time is of the essence. We'll have to do the brief version."
"Right."
The princess smiled mischievously.
"So, in order to save time, how about you join us together, Kamito-kun?"
"N-No way I'm doing that!"
Kamito yelled with his face all red.
The great throne—Lost Cathedral.
The tallest tower in the abandoned city and the point where all the leylines converged.
It was the castle residence of the Darkness Elemental Lord who led the rebel armies during the Spirit War in the past.
For the purposes of the Darkness Queen's coming, there was probably no better location.
Having finished preparations for the ritual, Rubia Elstein walked up the spiral tower.
(...When was the last time I wore these clothes?)
Instead of the Theocracy's military uniform, she was currently wearing ritual attire from her days as Queen.
In her hand were jewels infused with darkness.
Climbing the stairs and looking out the stained glass windows that were installed with vivid colors thousands of years ago, one could survey the entire scenery of the abandoned city, all covered with trees.
—The abandoned city's sky was always so dim and gray even at noon time.
As if the resentment dating from the time of the Spirit War still lingered in the sky above to this day.
The flames of the militarized spirit Valaraukar still burned where Kamito and Muir Alenstarl's battle had taken place the previous night.
Crimson flames burned entire streets. Faced with this scene, past memories were momentarily awakened—
"—al... Cardinal."
A voice from behind brought Rubia back to the present.
Breathing heavily, a girl with jade-green hair was making her way to the top of the massive spiral staircase.
Lily Flame—the girl picked up at the Instructional School four years ago.
Rubia halted and waited for her.
Panting, Lily knelt down before Rubia.
"—Muir has disappeared from the field."
"I see."
...Not a shocking report.
After losing Valaraukar, that girl was already written off as combat potential.
She had already completed her mission perfectly. The battle against Muir Alenstarl should have greatly stimulated the awakening of the Demon King within Kamito's body.
(...Kazehaya Kamito, you must be finding it increasingly difficult to resist the impulse to be devoured.)
Once he was completely swallowed by that impulse—the Demon King within him would awaken.
"Muir will come in handy in future battles. Of course, the same goes for you."
"Y-Yes!"
After destroying the Elemental Lords, the continent was going to descend into massive chaos due to the loss of the power of spirits.
In order to conquer that type of chaotic world, overwhelming military power was necessary.
This was the most important reason behind Rubia's alliance with the Alphas Theocracy's Murders to gather mercenaries and users of militarized spirits.
(...A great many lives will be sacrificed. But still, overall sacrifices can still be lessened.)
If power brought forth destruction, then even greater power would be used to suppress it.
—Bathump. Intense pain throbbed in her heart.
(The time for the Demon King's awakening is fast approaching—)
The Sacred Maiden and the Demon King were opposing existences.
This body could feel the signs of the Demon King's awakening—
—Just at this moment.
ROOOOOOOOAAAAAAR!
A terrifying roar shook the atmosphere.
"...!?"
As the floor shook lightly beneath their feet, fragments of stone fell from the ceiling.
"To think there would be an enemy attack...!?"
Lily Flame cried out, greatly shaken as she looked outside the shattered window.
Then—
"That's a... dragon!?"
Blowing the grey clouds apart, a black demon dragon was flying towards Lost Cathedral.
The attack just now was merely the demon dragon's breath.
"Leonora Lancaster's demon dragon spirit!"
"...The Dragon Princess huh. What an affront to the eyes."
Rubia grumbled beneath her mask.
She never expected the ace of the Knights of the Dragon Emperor to launch a direct assault here singlehandedly—
The pitch black demon dragon opened up a great hole in the middle of the Lost Cathedral and flew inside.
"...We're being invaded."
If Rubia intercepted her personally, it should be an easy victory.
However, she currently had to perform the ritual for the coming of the Darkness Queen.
—The flame of her life was almost extinguished.
The Sacred Maiden's power could not be squandered here.
"I will intercept her. But facing that Dragon Princess as my opponent, I fear I can only buy limited time."
Lily withdrew her hand from the window and jumped down the spiral staircase.
"...Lily, I am relying on you."
Rubia nodded and continued on her way to the top level.

...Drip. Drip.
Water droplets fell from the top of the limestone cavern. White steam swirled and rose.
Heated by the ancient flames, the underground water helped relax stiff muscles.
Although it was no time to indulge in leisure, a final purification was necessary before they assaulted the enemy's main camp. Kamito carefully washed his body as he tried as much as possible to reach peak condition.
The Calamity Queen—Rubia Elstein.
The other Ren Ashbell and Strongest Blade Dancer whose identity had been uncovered.
(...Am I able to defeat her?)
Her power undoubtedly dwarfed Kamito's in his current state. Even if he retrieved all his senses from three years ago, it was still uncertain whether he would be able to be a match—That was how things stood.
Kamito's only chance of victory lay in—
(—The Absolute Blade's secret technique, Last Strike.)
Kamito opened and closed his fingers several times, trying to confirm his feel for the sword.
The secret technique learnt from Greyworth was Kamito's final trump card.
However, to be honest, he was not certain if he had truly mastered that secret technique.
The Last Strike was an ultimate countering technique using the sword. It could not be used unless Kamito was facing an enemy of the same level.
(By the way, how strange...)
Kamito frowned and looked up at the ceiling of the limestone cavern. Even though it was now known that the true identity of the other Strongest Blade Dancer, Ren Ashbell, was Rubia Elstein, there was something impossible to accept about it. Namely—
—She was far too strong, this simple fact.
Indeed, as a former Queen, the total amount of divine power accumulated in Rubia Elstein's body should far surpass most elementalists. Although an abundance of divine power would not result in a decisive difference in potency, it was undeniable that people with greater reserves of divine power were able to command more powerful spirits for longer durations.
However, princess maidens serving at the Divine Ritual Institute basically received no combat training at all.
Hence, she was supposed to be completely unversed in swordsmanship, just like Fianna.
Rumors regarding the Calamity Queen as a master of the sword were completely unheard of.
The first thing that came to mind was the usage of a Cursed Armament Seal to strengthen the body, but even Cursed Armament Seals were unable to turn someone untrained in martial arts into a sword master.
(...Even an Elemental Lord's miracle can't do that, right?)
—Throb. Again, the acute headache returned.
(...Damn it... What on earth is going on?)
—That pain is proof that your power is about to awaken.
The voice very similar to hers resounded in his mind.
—Very soon, you shall become the Demon King who brings ruin and destruction to the world.
(...Shut, up... Already... Shut, up...!)
Covering both ears, Kamito submerged his face in water.
(Shut up! Shut up, shut up shut up...!)
He yelled stubbornly in order to drown out the voice.
"—Please be calm, Master."
Suddenly, Kamito heard another voice from behind.
"...!?"
Raising his face out of the water, Kamito looked back.
A swaying figure could be seem emerging from the other side of the steam.
...Not Rinslet or any of the girls, for they should be over with Iseria, performing purification at a place a short distance away.
Next, Kamito glanced at a shaded position in the rocks. The Demon Slayer and the Vorpal Sword were both in sword form, resting against the rock.
...The figure behind the steam did not say anything more.
"...Who are you?"
Kamito intensified his tone of voice and swiftly swung his arm.
The wind pressure caused the surrounding steam to disperse instantly—
"Meow—!"
The figure emitted a strange sounding scream.
"...Wha!"
Kamito's eyes widened as he was rendered completely speechless.
Appearing from behind the mist was—
A fully wet and naked beauty.
Her body was graceful and slim like a beast's, with mildly bulging breasts. The scarlet hair was at shoulder length. For some reason, there were adorable cat ears on her head.
Rather than make any attempt to cover up her nude body that was like a work of art, the beautiful girl simply froze.
"..."
"..."
They stared at each other for a few seconds.
Then immediately, the beauty blushed before his eyes.
"Meow, meooooow!"
Frantically, she tried to flee—
Splash!
...But she ended up falling spectacularly, creating a column of water.
"...Meow, meooow... Choke, chooooooke...!"
"H-Hey, are you okay!?"
Kamito rushed over and picked up the drowning cat-eared beauty in his arms.
"Kyah, w-what are you doing!?"
"I-I'm sorry... Eh, a tail!?"
Kamito's eyes stared wide open.
Caught in his hand—a tail seemed as if it were made of fire.
(...W-Wait a minute? This tail, could it be...)
Kamito suddenly reacted and gazed intently at the cat-eared girl's scarlet eyes.
"...Are you Scarlet... eh?"
"M-Meow..."
The drenched scarlet-haired girl nodded with embarrassment.
Finally recovering from the initial shock—
"I am the Scarlet Valkyrie in service of the Elsteins—my true name is Ortlinde."
Transformed into a girl's form, Scarlet announced her name.
...It looked like she really was Scarlet, no mistake about it.
"...Uh, sorry. I'm a little confused here."
Kamito averted his gaze as he scratched his face.
Although they were both submerged to their necks and there was no worry that he would view Scarlet's naked body directly, Kamito still felt that the erotic lines of her neck was drawing his gaze involuntarily.
However, Scarlet did not seem like she minded.
"Yes. Well then, let me explain."
She revealed why she had changed from a hell cat to a girl.
Then—
"...I see, so your true name was released huh."
After hearing her explanation, Kamito accepted it despite his surprise.
In order for a contracted spirit to fully release its power, not only did the contractor need to be well-matched in power but the spirits had to be summoned by its true name—namely, a release of the true name.
When he first met Claire, Kamito felt a certain dissonance regarding the name Scarlet. No matter how he looked at it, the name seemed like an alias for the hell cat spirit.
Scarlet's true name had been lost throughout the generations of the Elstein family, but for some reason, Restia who was accompanying Claire knew the name.
Then having exhibited sufficient power in the current Blade Dance, Claire successfully released the true name. Obtaining her original power, Scarlet changed from her beast form as a high ranking spirit to recover her girl form as a spirit of the highest class—Basically something like that.
Having lost her power during the battle against Rubia and returned to her hell cat form, Scarlet had apparently retrieved enough power to regain human form temporarily as a result of pouncing into the ancient burning flames.
"By the way, umm Scarlet..."
"P-Please don't stare like that, Master."
Blushing slightly, Scarlet began to blow bubbles in the water surface.
"S-Sorry... By the way, why are you calling me Master?"
Kamito posed a simple question.
Scarlet's master was supposed to be either Claire, the original contractor, or Fianna, the current one.
Scarlet responded by gazing at Kamito with serious eyes—
"Because Master's master is also my master."
"...? But I'm always being ordered around by Claire as her slave spirit."
Kamito tilted his head in puzzlement. Thinking back upon the relationship between Kamito and Claire all this time, no matter how one viewed it, Kamito could not be described as Claire's master in any way.
"...Really?"
But this time, it was Scarlet who turned her head incredulously.
"But then there's a contradiction."
"What contradiction?"
"As you may know, Master, contractors and contracted spirits will share their dreams on rare occasions."
"...? Yeah, that's right."
Still displaying surprise on his face, Kamito nodded.
When Kamito slept, he occasionally shared Est's dreams.
However, perhaps because Est has lost the majority of her memories, the contents of her dreams always involved things that happened to her after meeting Kamito.
The only exception was during the time when Est disappeared, Kamito had witnessed the memories of her past contractor, the Sacred Queen—Areishia Idriss.
"Uh... In her dreams, Master always becomes your slave."
"How can that be possible!?"
Kamito instantly rejected it.
"I-I surely won't do anything like that!"
"...Really? You won't tie Master up and bully her or thrash her with a whip? N-Neither will you force her into unspeakable postures?"
"O-Of course I won't!"
...This hell cat spirit, what on earth is she talking about?
"Then in her usual dreams, are those Master's repressed desires..."
Scarlet began to murmur to herself.
"I-In any case, I am not Claire's master."
Kamito coughed and spoke.
"When calling me, using Kamito is fine."
"...I understand. Well then, let's go with this, 'Kamito.' "
Scarlet spoke with a serious expression.
...Despite such a dangerous-sounding nickname of the Scarlet Valkyrie, this cat girl was unexpectedly polite.
"So does this mean you don't have any memories from your hell cat form?"
"That's right. Because when the hell cat form manifests, only animal-level intellect is present."
"...I see."
—In other words, it would be more appropriate to consider Scarlet the hell cat and this Ortlinde here as separate entities.
"However, I do remember..."
"...Eh?"
"That you make tasty dishes for me and gently caress my head, Kamito."
She smiled shyly but adorably.
"I-I see..."
Kamito scratched his face and turned his gaze away in response.
...Feeling embarrassed, he changed the subject.
"B-By the way, is it really okay for a flame spirit to be dipping into hot springs?"
When in hell cat form, Scarlet was supposed to hate getting water on her.
"Yes. After all, this place is filled with the power of flames. Besides, having released my true name, mere water merits no fear at all."
Scarlet puffed her chest slightly in pride.
However, Kamito did not fail to miss the subtle sweating on her brow.
"...Surely, you're just putting up a front and desperately enduring."
"..."
Finding the truth pointed out, Scarlet instantly looked to the side.
Then she slumped her shoulders dejectedly.
"Originally, I really was not afraid of water or the like. But unfortunately I don't have enough power right now. I can only maintain this state for a little while longer."
"After your true name is released, you don't stay in this form?"
"I am just barely able to manifest this form right now because of the power of the ancient flames here. The current contractor, Ordesia's princess, is probably unable to summon or use me."
Scarlet shook her head from side to side.
"The reason why I've appeared here is to inform you of something, Kamito."
With a sincere gaze, she stared straight into Kamito's eyes.
"I beg you. Please save my Master—Rescue Claire."
"Yeah, I promise you. I will surely bring Claire back."
...There was no need for her to beg expressly. Kamito agreed instantly.
Hearing Kamito's answer, Scarlet relaxed with a relieved expression.
Her figure began to quiver like a mirage. At this moment—
"Kamito-kun is taking so long..."
"Maybe he fainted in the heat!"
"Hmm, mmm, it's worrying..."
The young ladies' voiced could be heard from afar.
Probably worried about Kamito who had not returned for so long, they were coming to check out his situation.
"...!"
Scarlet's cat ears suddenly twitched.
"W-Well then, I shall take my leave."
"Why are you hurrying all of a sudden?"
"...Hmm, that ponytailed knight is very troublesome."
Scarlet swiftly got up from the water, turning herself into a fiery hell cat and ran away.
"...Ah yes, because Ellis keeps treating her like a fluffy toy, she hates it."
Even without her memories as a hell cat, the troublesome impression still remained.
"Kamito, are you okay?"
Ellis' voice reverberated in the cavern.
"...Ah yeah, no problem here! I'm coming out now!"
Answering loudly, Kamito put the black leather glove on his left hand.
Having finished the purification at the underground lake, Kamito and his entourage continued making their way towards the Lost Cathedral.
Even though they were not able to perform a proper sacred purification, the divine power circulating in their bodies was replenished.
After escaping, Scarlet seemed like she had involuntarily returned to Fianna's spirit seal.
As Kamito passed on the story of how Scarlet released her true name, the girls were quite surprised.
"I originally thought she was just a powerful spirit but never expected her to be a humanoid spirit."
Ellis murmured emphatically.
"I guess I need to find Fenrir in the future whenever I want to enjoy that fluffiness."
"Hmm, what do you mean?"
"—Very soon, we are nearing the Lost Cathedral."
Walking in front, Iseria spoke up slowly.
"We can't invade the ruins from directly below?"
"This underground passage does not extend that far."
Iseria shook her head at Kamito's inquiry.
"Which means we have to do a frontal assault, huh?"
"However, I don't think Team Inferno has constructed a stronghold. If they prioritized the ritual for the Darkness Queen's coming, there should not be any leisure to build a large scale barrier."
"...Let's hope so."
Rubia Elstein was the former Queen once praised as the best. In the past, the isolation barriers she constructed would cover all the castles and residences in Ragna Ys.
But for Kamito, the true source of concern was himself.
—That voice which tempted him to awaken.
The temptation was growing ever stronger.
(If I hear that voice one more time, I'll—)
He would probably be consumed by the impulse to destroy, awakening as the Demon King who leads the world towards destruction.
"...mito... Kamito."
Rustle. Rustle rustle. —Suddenly, Kamito found someone tugging his sleeve from behind.
"...Est?"
Looking back, Kamito found a pair of mysterious violet eyes gazing up at him with worry.
Without him noticing, Est had transformed from sword form at some point in time.
"Kamito, you're showing a scary expression."
In his surprise, Kamito found Est holding his hand gently.
"Don't worry. Kamito. You have me."
The icy hand gripped tightly.
"..."
Kamito was rooted there for a moment—
"...Est, you are the Demon Slayer, you know."
"...?"
Est inclined her head in puzzlement.
"Supposing, if I were to become the world-destroying Demon King, when the time comes—"
"When the time comes, I will simply become the 'Demon's Sword.' "
—Just as he was about to continue talking, Est resolutely refuted him.
"I am your sword. Your wish is my command—That is what I swore."
"Est..."
Kamito felt the strength of her grip tighten.
"...Yeah, you're right. Sorry."
Kamito shrugged. In this manner, he continued walking, holding Est's hand.
A while after that—
"—This is the closest exit to the ground surface."
Iseria stopped and turned around.
Before them was a wall entangled by a tree root.
"This tree root is in the way."
"Leave it to me."
Ellis swung Ray Hawk, instantly severing the root to reveal a door with mysterious designs carved on it.
"This is one of the six doors to the abandoned city's underground—the Door of Persisting Darkness."
Once Iseria chanted rarely heard spirit language, the carvings on the door glowed blue-white as the door opened with a low rumble.
In the darkness, a staircase leading to the ground appeared.
"I can only lead you this far."
Iseria stopped at the door.
Before the door was an isolation barrier that sealed her here.
"...Thank you, Iseria."
"You really helped us a lot."
"Pay it no heed. This is simply thanks for the pancakes."
Iseria turned towards the direction she came from.
Then she walked towards the darkness—
"S-Say..."
"Please hurry. You need to help your friend, right?"
"Once I find a way to recover your memory, I will surely return to this place!"
Towards the girl who was gradually moving farther away, Rinslet called out—
But Iseria's figure had already vanished in the darkness.
"...What an incredible girl."
The high level spirit who had lost her memory, who was sealed in the abandoned city, and who had reported the Water Elemental Lord's name as her own.
Full of mysteries that one had no idea how to begin solving, she was truly a strange spirit.
Next, Kamito turned towards the group.
"—Let's go, Claire is waiting for us."
"Yes!" "Right!" "Indeed!"
Team Scarlet's young ladies nodded vigorously.
"Your wish—is my command."
Wielding in his hand Est who had transformed into the Demon Slayer, Kamito led the charge and rushed forward.

"...Huff... Mmm, ooh..."
Numerous candlelit flames flickered in the darkness.
In the center of the Lost Cathedral's spacious great hall, Claire was squirming her body painfully.
The ritual attire felt like it clung to her, heavy as soil. There was probably some burning incense, for she found her consciousness gradually getting hazy.
The chanting of spirit language echoed in this vast space.
Amidst the flickering flames, Rubia was performing a dance in ritual attire.
Her figure reminded Claire of the elder sister she used to admire.
"Nee... -sa,ma... D-Don't...!"
Even though she yelled as hard as she could inside the barrier, the sound was not transmitted.
The magic circle drawn on the floor glowed with eerie light as the flames on the candlesticks all rushed up high.
Holding jewels of darkness, Rubia slowly walked up the stairs to the altar.
"No... Stop it, I don't want this, to become that whatever Darkness Queen...!"
"This is the only mercy—"
Rubia stood before Claire, holding the jewels high as she recited the words of release.
The jewels released darkness which began to cover Claire's body.
"...What... is this...?"
"You shall now forget everything. Sleep in peace."
"No, don't... What are you doing... Nee-sama, Nee-sama!"
Her desperate pleas in vain, Claire's consciousness was instantly shrouded in darkness.
(...No, do not erase them! M-My precious memories...!)
As her consciousness gradually became distant, Claire reached out as if struggling—
Her parents and her older sister—the memories of the happy childhood she spent with them.
Rinslet, Ellis, Fianna—the memories of the comrades she had met at the Academy.
Memories of the precious contracted spirit who always stayed by her side at all times.
And last of all, the young man's face that dissipated like a dream—
"...Kami... to..."
But no one could hear those whispers leaking from Claire's lips any further.
"—Oh my, is the princess' taming already complete?"
This was the top level of the Lost Cathedral.
Appearing out from the True Sanctuary before Rubia's eyes was the witch whose eyes were like a snake's.
"She has already been tainted by darkness. Sooner or later, she shall fall, completely devoured."
"For the Darkness Queen to be your real sister, oh what a tear-inducing tragic story."
"Do you wish to be roasted into charcoal?"
Beneath the scarlet mask, Rubia's gaze turned towards the witch, completely filled with murderous intent.
"Fufu, there's no need to make such a scary face. While you and the princess were stuck indoors, interesting things are happening. I came to report them."
Sjora smiled with a chuckle and licked her red lips.
Remaining in complete composure, the witch's attitude suddenly gave Rubia a sense of dissonance.
(This woman, she really does give off a different atmosphere compared to before—)
According to Lily's report, Sjora apparently used primitive magic to revive Valaraukar after it was defeated by Kazehaya Kamito. During that time, Lily had also sensed inexplicable dissonance from the witch.
"—Interesting things being?"
Casting her suspicions aside for now, Rubia asked in return.
...Now was the time for listening to the report first.
"Someone is invading this Lost Cathedral openly."
"If you're talking about the Dragon Princess of Dracunia, Lily has been sent to intercept her."
Considering their difference in power, chances of Lily prevailing over Leonora were microscopic. However, using the complicated terrain of the massive structure, the Lost Cathedral, she should be able to buy some time.
"Not the Dragon Princess, but Kazehaya Kamito."
"...What?"
The expression behind the mask was slightly frozen.
Kazehaya Kamito had fought Muir Alenstarl's militarized spirit late last night in the center of the abandoned city.
By the time he noticed Claire was captured and rushed over this Lost Cathedral, ten-odd hours should have passed.
(...Too fast.)
It would be understandable if he had knowledge of the abandoned city's structure, but there was no way he could have toured all the tree-covered historical sites in such short time.
In theory, it was possible to use the underground maze, but those were ruins even more ancient than the abandoned city above ground—Even Rubia herself did not have complete knowledge of what lay down there. Supposing he had noticed the underground maze, getting here through them should still not be possible.
"To think even you could be surprised at times."
As if ridiculing Rubia's loss of composure, the witch smiled.
"Could this be fake information? Your mouth is untrustworthy."
"Witches do not lie."
"But they never tell the truth either—"
"What a truly untrusting princess. Please have a look, over there."
Saying that, Sjora raised a far sight crystal before Rubia's eyes.
Inside the crystal, Kazehaya Kamito could be seen traversing the forest.
Beside him, the Fahrengart and Laurenfrost girls as well as Fianna Ray Ordesia could be seen.
This was the vast forest on the slopes of the mountain where the spiral tower was located. They were most probably going to arrive very soon.
"..."
"To think there existed things that could take you aback."
The witch whispered as she giggled.
Ignoring these offensive words, Rubia contemplated behind her mask.
Time was still needed for Claire to fall completely and become the Darkness Queen.
In the instant Kazehaya Kamito awakened as the Demon King, unless the Darkness Queen to serve him was present, he would only lead the world towards destruction without achieving the original goal of exterminating the Five Great Elemental Lords—That was not what Rubia wished to see.
(The ritual cannot be interrupted now—)
Rubia glared at Sjora as if about to commit murder.
"Sjora Kahn. Now is the time for you to fulfill your duties as my ally."
"—Yes, you need not mention it."
Touching her moistened lips with a finger, the witch jeered.
"After all, I also wish to try out that which my country delivered. Why don't you concentrate on taming the princess of darkness."
Turning around lightly, she descended the tower's spiral staircase.
Watching the witch's back receding into the distance—
(Although the witch cannot be trusted, she is currently a useful tool.)
Rubia coldly remarked to herself.
(Once everything is complete, even the Theocracy's Snake must be destroyed along with everything else.)
Reaching the ground surface, Kamito and his group hacked and slashed their way through the forest.
It was supposed to be before dusk, but the surroundings were as dark as night. Heavy clouds were swirling in the sky directly above the majestic sight of the Lost Cathedral standing there.
"...This is the castle of the Darkness Elemental Lord."
Kamito looked up and held his breath.
Looking up at the building from the ground, he could feel the intimidating presence of the historic site that stood out from the ruins of the abandoned city.
In terms of appearance, the castle had numerous levels piled up into a spiral tower. Although the outer walls had steps along them, they were sealed off by numerous roots of trees.
"The leylines are activating... No doubt about it."
Fianna's sharp gaze turned towards the top of the tower.
"Very likely, Claire is imprisoned on the topmost floor. This is because this historic site's structure focuses the power of the leylines to the top of the spiral."
"It doesn't seem feasible to climb it from outside."
"There's a door over there."
Rinslet pointed out to a huge entrance that was still visible behind the gaps in a thicket.
"Okay, let's go!"
Just as Kamito's group reached the entrance—
"S-So big..."
Once again, they were intimidated by the gigantic size.
This door was far too big for human access. When the place was still used as a castle, giants undoubtedly lived inside there.
Using the front end of Ray Hawk, Ellis knocked on the door. Blue-white sparks immediately scattered from the spear tip.
"The material is mithril. Furthermore, troublesome magic seems to have been cast."
"The carvings on the door seems to carry ancient magic."
Fianna murmured as she examined the great door intently.
"It deflects the power of spirits."
"Using Est's strength, I should be able to destroy it?"
Kamito placed his hand on the sword's hilt and stepped forward. Terminus Est's anti-magic properties were topnotch amongst elemental waffen. It was possible that it could even break ancient magic.
"...It's probably better not to do that."
Fianna shook her head from side to side.
"Indeed, Est's power may be able to break the door. However, now is not a suitable time to use your divine power, Kamito-kun."
"Hmm, always trying to solve everything with force is not good."
"...I don't really want to hear that from you, Ellis."
Kamito retorted with half-narrowed eyes.
That said, Fianna had a point. Kamito obediently released his grip on his sword.
"I will analyze the magic. Kamito-kun, you should keep watch over the surroundings with everyone else."
Fianna raised both hands before the door and slowly recited an incantation.
"—O ancient song. Play music in response to my voice."
Fluent spirit language flowed from her lips. Instantly, the carvings on the door gave off dazzling light.
—Just in that very moment.
"...! Something is coming!"
Rinslet instantly released her elemental waffe. As Kamito and the rest looked up, a Freezing Arrow was shot into the air.
Crash!
With a sound like glass being crushed, something shattered in the air.
"Is that a spirit!?"
Kamito narrowed his eyes and stared into the air.
Ghosts from the Spirit War—Forsaken Spirits, that was what Kamito expected, but he was wrong.
Appearing like a burst bubble in the air was—
Eyeballs with tentacles, monsters with only lower jaws, etc... A group of spirits with shocking appearances.
"Demon spirits..."
Demon spirits—an umbrella term for spirits who were impossible to command due to their anomalous psychological structure.
The only people capable of commanding them were elementalists with special abilities, known as Witches.
At this time, the space where the demon spirits appeared from, its center distorted—
"Fufu... We meet for the first time, Kazehaya Kamito."
Accompanied by a seductive voice, the witch appeared, dressed in a foreign exotic outfit.
"—We meet for the first time, that is simply a meaningless greeting. Snake woman."
Holding his hand against this sword, Kamito glared coldly at the witch above.
Even if they were enemies, if an elementalist challenged him with pride, Kamito would offer respect in return. But to this witch who had used a despicable trap to capture Fianna and harmed his companions, Kamito had no need to offer any respect.
"Disappear from my sight. Or would you like to be cut down again?"
Kamito declared with an icy-cold voice, giving off merciless killing intent.
"K-Kamito..." "Kamito-san...?"
The undisguised killing intent of one who was raised by the Instructional School caused Ellis and Rinslet to shudder.
However, the witch endured the killing intent with composure.
"Ah yes. Right. This is not the first time for you to meet this appearance."
"What do you mean?"
"Pay it no heed. Fufu, before the princess' investigation is complete, please play with me for a while—"
Sjora snapped her fingers, summoning new swarms of demon spirits from the magic circle in the air.
As the numbers increased dramatically, the swarms of demon spirits even blotted the sky.
Most likely similar to the time when Fianna was imprisoned, a summoning device belonging to the Lost Cathedral ruins was being used.
"...These numbers are bad news!"
Rinslet drew her bow and released arrows, piercing multiple demon spirits, but this amounted to nothing but a drop in the ocean.
"..."
Kamito glanced over at Fianna on the side. Fianna seemed like she was still concentrating on releasing the door. Who knew how much more time she would need—
"I'll clear them out in one go."
Kamito drew out the Demon Slayer and held it in a reverse grip.
Absolute Blade Arts, Third Form—Shadowmoon Waltz. This was a wild form of sword skill that could kill large numbers of enemies at once.
However, a hand reached out from the side and held down Kamito's arm.
"Kamito, leave this to us."
"Ellis... But—"
"We are a team. Members in a team have their individual missions. Your mission is to rescue Claire."
Ellis' ponytail swayed as she stepped forward.
With a swing of Ray Hawk—the incoming demon spirit swarm was completely sliced into halves.
"—Kamito-san, you must succeed in saving Claire."
Rinslet also stood by Ellis' side, pulling the magical bow of ice taut.
The two girls' eyes showed strong resolve.
Kamito—
"...I understand. I'll leave you two to handle Sjora."
Nodding lightly, Kamito released his hand from the sword.
"However, don't force yourself too much, both of you."
"Yes." "No need to worry."
Ellis and Rinslet nodded together.
"—The door's seal has been released!"
Fianna cried out at the door.
Rumble... Rumble rumble rumble... Rumble rumble rumble rumble rumble rumble rumble rumble...!
As the carvings on the door gave off intense light, it opened slowly with a great rumbling.
"Ellis, Rinslet, we're depending on you to handle this location!"
Kamito took Fianna's hand and rushed into the doorway at once.
"—Oh my, don't go escaping."
Sjora Kahn jeered as she prepared to direct the demon spirit swarms.
In that instant—
"Sjora Kahn, your opponent is—"
"Us!"
Ellis produced a tempest from her spear while Rinslet's ice arrows descended like a storm.
A technique of combination magic using elemental waffen—Ice Storm.
The howling tornado of icy wind devoured both the witch and her minions the demon spirits—
Hearing the great door slam shut behind him, Kamito rushed up the stairs of the historic site.
After the door shut behind them, the howling sounds of the ice storm stopped. Instantly, there was silence.
Appearing before Kamito and Fianna was a massive spiral staircase extending upwards. However, the spiral was distorted in several places in the air, producing a structure that resembled an infinite loop.
"Claire should be imprisoned on the top floor, right?"
"Yeah. In order to carry out the ritual, it can only be there."
Fianna nodded.
(...Right now, I can only keep going, trusting Ellis and Rinslet.)
Even though he still worried about what was happening outside the door, Kamito started to climb the spiral staircase.
Because the staircase made sharp turns in the air in several places, it muddled the sense of gravity. However, there was no confusion as to which way was up. In any case, they should not get lost.
As Kamito worried about Fianna's lack of stamina, he rushed ahead in front.
After running like this for a while—
"Huff, huff... Kamito-kun, say, is your body okay?"
"Yeah. I still have plenty of strength."
Kamito nodded as he ran. In actual fact, all the fatigue from his battle against Valaraukar had already been swept away. The underground lake where ancient fires burned was a purification site of extremely high spiritual quality.
"You really do have extraordinary recovery powers as usual. However, that wasn't what I meant."
"..."
Kamito reduced his running speed.
Looking back, he found Fianna gazing at him with worried eyes.
(...Looks like I can't dodge the issue.)
"...That voice, can you still hear it?"
"Yeah, right now... There's no problem."
"Kamito-kun, perhaps it would be better if you handed the demon sword over for me to safekeep for now."
Fianna glared coldly at the Vorpal Sword hanging at Kamito's waist.
"This is simply intuition, but that sword... Somehow I get a dangerous feeling."
"..."
The intuition of the princess maiden and former Queen candidate could not be ignored.
Kamito understood that, however—
"...I've said it already. The voice tempting me to awaken is not Restia's."
Wearing the leather glove, his left hand clutched the hilt of the Vorpal Sword.
His past partner still offered no response. The spirit seal remained silent.
—Even so, Kamito still believed in her.
"I never want to let go of Restia ever again."
"I know that darkness spirit is a very important existence to you, Kamito-kun, but—"
Kamito placed his hand on the head of the worried princess.
"Let's make a promise. I won't become that Demon King or whatever."
"Kamito-kun."
Fianna bit her lip hard.
"...Understood. I believe in you, Kamito-kun."
Finally, she sighed and nodded.
"Sorry, I said something stubborn."
—Next, they continued running up the stairs without saying a word.
Soon after, the path stopped as they reached a massive floor with a ceiling.
"It's the second floor..."
"From here onwards, it looks like we can't just rush ahead recklessly."
Kamito raised a spirit crystal for illumination and surveyed the depths of the dimly lit floor.
On the far wall were six decorated doors, equally spaced apart.
"Which door leads to the top floor?"
The Lost Cathedral was a historic site dating back to the Spirit War. Based on the wondrous structure of the staircase just now, this place was constructed for spirits to reside rather than in consideration for humans. This was related to the design principles of spirit engineering that Areishia Spirit Academy had imported.
(...In other words, this is a building highly unsuited for humans.)
Kamito sighed in his mind. Trying to seriously tour the entire place would take forever.
"Let's simply break all the walls?"
"I think that would take forever instead."
Fianna shook her head and took out a metal lock from her bosom.
"Let me check each door for the flow of the leylines."
"This would also take some time... But that's all we could do."
Just as Kamito nodded—
"Yah... Hot!"
Suddenly, intense flames gushed out from Fianna's spirit seal on her right hand.
The flames spun in midair and transformed into a flaming hell cat.
"...Scarlet?"
Fianna murmured with a shocked expression.
...Apparently, Scarlet had manifested by her own will rather than being summoned.
Landing on the ground, Scarlet nimbly ran towards the depths of this floor. Kamito expected her to linger and circle in front of the six doors, but Scarlet raised her tail in front of the door carved with patterns of flames.
"Maybe that leads to Claire's location?"
"Meow—!"
Scarlet raised a front limb lightly.
"How could this be possible? To track down Claire's divine power even when the contract had been nullified."
"As expected of Scarlet."
Exclaiming at the same time, Kamito recalled the red-haired cat girl.
The Scarlet Valkyrie—Ortlinde. Even though she did not retain her memories from her hell cat form, Kamito could feel how she misses her master Claire based on Scarlet's current movements.
"We're relying on you to lead the way, Scarlet."
Kamito and Fianna were making their way across the floor when—
Accompanied by an astounding noise, suddenly, the ceiling collapsed—!
"...Est!"
Kamito instantly drew the Demon Slayer and chopped apart the massive falling stones.
Standing upright to protect Fianna, he chopped away at the scattered debris.
Rumble. Massive stones shattered into pieces. Instantly, a dust cloud filled the air.
"Cough, cough cough... Fianna, you okay?"
"Ah, yeah..."
Exhausted, Fianna sat on the ground, resting against Scarlet.
"...What happened?"
Kamito looked up—
A huge hole had suddenly opened up on the ceiling.
And down below, a massive object was writhing restlessly.
As the flying dust cleared, Kamito finally saw its figure.
"That is..."
With numerous roots squirming around, a tree monster in pain.
"...Lily Flame's Titania?"
The spirit that had caused Ellis much suffering through the numerous poisons it produced in its body.
However, the demon tree spirit's life was currently like a dying candle in the wind.
(Who could have done this...?)
The answer to the question descended from above.
As if delivering a final blow to the suffering demon tree spirit, a massive black body landed on it.
"...Dragon!?"
A massive demon dragon with teeth of steel and jet black scales had appeared.
The demon dragon's sharp claws swiped at the tree, completely preventing it from moving.
ROOOOOOAAAAAAR!
With a fearsome roar, the dragon released a heat beam from super close range.
The demon tree spirit instantly caught on fire and dissipated into particles of light.
(What astounding power...)
Just as Kamito trembled in his heart—
"...Hmm, this is the end, is it..."
From the demon tree spirit's massive flower bud, a girl crawled out.
Red eyes and beautiful jade-green hair. She was Team Inferno's Lily Flame.
Having lost her contracted spirit, she collapsed on the floor without seeming to offer any intention to resist.
And towards her—
"...Jeez. How troublesome to handle."
A girl's voice, very familiar to Kamito, reverberated throughout the entire floor.

Jumping down from the demon dragon's head was a female knight dressed in the military uniform of the country of dragons.
Black hair neatly trimmed to shoulder length. A white beret on her head.
The Knights of the Dragon Emperor's strongest ace—Leonora Lancaster.
Gazing down at Lily collapsed on the ground, Leonora shrugged slightly.
"Amazing of you to fight me to this extent. Commendable."
"...!"
Despite receiving praise, Lily could only bite her lip in chagrin.
"...A thousand apologies... Cardinal..."
Leonora offered a knight's salute before taking away Lily's magic stone.
Having lost her magic stone, Lily's body disappeared as particles of light.
An imposed transfer to Ragna Ys through teleportation magic.
Without saying a word, Kamito could only watch silently.
Because tainting another elementalist's blade dance through interference was contrary to etiquette.
"Okay—"
Then Leonora turned towards Kamito.
Naturally, she noticed Kamito's group.
"Kamito, did you come here aiming for the same prey?"
"..."
Despite the familiarity in Leonora's opening remark—
Kamito understood very well.
Leonora Lancaster's true nature was like a ferocious dragon.
Noble-minded and elegant, fully of chivalry—and above all, loyal to her combat instincts.
Leonora's black eyes gleamed with delight.
She was like a dragon that had found its ideal prey.
(...However, she doesn't look like she's currently being controlled by Dragon Blood.)
Kamito groaned to himself.
—Very likely, she was going to be even tougher to handle than during their last battle.
An elementalist's intuition told him.
"You have come here to defeat Ren Ashbell as well?"
"Yes, because she is the most powerful prey in the current Blade Dance festival."
Leonora nodded.
"Then I have a suggestion—"
Kamito decided to try his luck and request they work together, however:
"However, that prey is slightly less attractive than having a blade dance with you."
"...!"
Leonora released a battle aura that instantly caused shudders down Kamito's spine.
The demon dragon Nidhogg proceeded to moan softly, its ferocious eyes flashing brightly.
Then—
"—Divine soul of the jet black evil dragon, turn into the power in my hand!"
Heeding Leonora's call, the dragon spirit Nidhogg transformed into a massive sword whose length equaled her height—the Dragon Slayer elemental waffe.
(...Negotiations won't work, apparently.)
Left without a choice, Kamito readied the Demon Slayer.
As much as he wanted to save Claire as quickly as possible—
Perhaps due to the battle against Lily, Leonora's fighting spirit was roused to a maximum.
This wild dragon probably could not be brought under control without a fight.
(...Besides, I already promised her.)
—The next time we speak, we will have a blade dance together.
Back then, Kamito had indeed agreed to her proposal.
The Blade Dance stage was where blade dances were performed as offerings by elementalists with their respective Wishes on the line. One was not supposed to evade battle when faced with direct challenges.
"Kamito-kun..."
Worried, Fianna grabbed Kamito's sleeve.
"Don't worry. It'll be over quickly."
Kamito stared at Leonora before him as he spoke.
Naturally, this did not imply that Leonora was easy to defeat. What Kamito meant was that this blade dance was a clash of strength rather than a contest of skill, hence it was going to be a quick decisive match—That was what he was trying to say.
(...In that sense, I must thank Leonora.)
If Kamito had to face Lily who was skilled in taking advantages of openings, surely he would be dragged into a rather lengthy and protracted battle.
"...I understand."
Fianna swiftly moved towards the wall.
Scarlet simply sat obediently in front of the door.
"—This is it, Leonora."
Facing Leonora, Kamito infused divine power into the Demon Slayer.
"I have no intention of engaging in a graceful blade—Let's attack with full strength on the get go."
"—As you wish, Kamito."
The strongest ace of the Knights of the Dragon Emperor smiled happily.
"Captain, are you still able to continue?"
"Of course. Do not underestimate a Fahrengart knight."
Rinslet's magic bow produced a rain of hailstones while Ellis' gales blew intensely. The blade dance performed at the entrance of the Lost Cathedral was intensifying.
"Dragon king of ice who sleeps in a prison of frost, release your breath—Breath of Ice!"
Yelling loudly, Rinslet released an arrow.
The magical ice arrow's payload of wide area spirit magic exploded in midair. All the demon spirits appearing in the air were frozen.
"Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhh!"
At the same time, Ellis swung Ray Hawk as she flew in the air using wind magic.
The massive ice block shattered along with the demon spirits trapped within.
"Fahrengart style of the spear—Flash Blossom!"
As Ellis landed on the ground, only shattered fragments of ice remained fluttering in the air.
"Hmph, Laurenfrost snow never stops!"
Rinslet declared proudly as she tossed her platinum-blonde hair.
"Pay attention. Carelessness is your bad habit."
"S-Shut up!"
Ignoring Rinslet's raised eyebrows, Ellis turned to face Sjora.
Although the demon spirit swarm was not completely wiped out, its numbers had thinned greatly.
However, the witch continued to smile with composure.
"Do not look down on us, Sjora Kahn."
Ellis readied Ray Hawk and gathered wind around the spear tip.
Rinslet also nocked a new arrow of ice and aimed at the witch.
"We lost in the past, but given our current selves, keeping you occupied here is within our ability."
"...Hmph."
Sjora placed a fingertip on her lip and jeered.
"...!"
The repulsive smile sent chills down one's back.
"—Just so you know, it was intentional."
"What are you talking about?"
"I am saying that I intentionally allowed Kazehaya Kamito to go first."
Snickering—the vivid red lips twisted into a crescent.
Her sheer silken garment fluttering lightly, Sjora walked amidst the demon spirit swarm.
"As for me, I'm completely uninterested in that woman's plan. A completely ignorant and tragic princess—At the very most, she is going to simply die while cursing the world."
"...What are you talking about?"
"Me, I simply want Kazehaya Kamito—the Demon King's body. That's all."
Sjora raised her arm in the air and began to chant to summon a contracted spirit.
"...Tsk, are you intending to transform into Ren Ashbell again?"
Ellis clicked her tongue disapprovingly. Sjora Kahn's contracted spirit, Baldanders, possessed the power to copy a target's appearance and abilities. Once summoned, things would get quite challenging.
"You're not going to have your way!"
Rinslet instantly released a shower of ice arrows—
However, the descending ice arrows were successively blocked by the swarm of demon spirits.
"...Damn it!"
In that case—Thinking that, Ellis held Ray Hawk and charged.
—However, it was a step too late.
A massive magic circle appeared above Sjora's head.
A plain white hand appeared out from the air.
"...Not Baldanders!?"
Ellis' eyes of sienna were staring wide.
At the same time, her instincts could feel it. —This was a dangerous spirit.
"Fufu, once in the Demon King's service in the past, one of the seventy-two spirits—"
Sjora's mouth lightly whispered its true name.
"The one who takes everything by force—Bandersnatch."
The sound of ceiling fragments falling down signaled the beginning of the blade dance.
(—Decide the match in the first stroke.)
Holding the shining Demon Slayer in one hand, Kamito took half a step sideways.
The fastest flash. Absolute Blade Arts, First Form—Purple Lightning's posture.
The wind from Leonora's sword swept up debris as she charged. Raising the Dragon Slayer overhead in preparation for a downward chop, she intended to decide the victor with a one-hit-kill just as she declared.
Leonora's elemental waffe was a massive sword, unsuited for turning back for defense.
Using it preemptively in a charging assault was the logical thing to do.
(If I get hit directly I'll probably get blown away in one hit.)
The pressure bursting from the sword made Leonora seem like a completely different person compared to before. Even back when she was rampaging from the Dragon Blood's effects, Kamito did not feel such an intimidating presence from her.
Probably because she was no longer confused? Something had changed her sword.
Kamito could not be sure what the actual reason was.
(...However, I can't lose either!)
Just as the wind from the sword swept across the top of his hair, in that very instant—
Kamito took a step with explosive power from his legs.
"Absolute Blade Arts, First Form—Purple Lightning."
A flash of the blade akin to lightning.
Its true essence—nothing but a simple straight thrust.
Even so, it was a technique that reached an entirely different dimension when taken to the limit.
In a battle against an elementalist, it could be described as a one-hit kill. In the first match during the Blade Dance three years ago, this was precisely the move that struck down Velsaria and the Silent Fortress with one strike of the sword.
(—Success!)
Evading the front tip of the massive sword by the slimmest of margins, Kamito followed his momentum to crash towards Leonora's chest.
As sparks flew from the friction between steel, then—
(—What!?)
An acute metallic noise rang out.
The trajectory of Kamito's sword was deflected slightly by an invisible obstacle.
(—Protective spirit magic!?)
Kamito clicked his tongue mentally.
Very likely, she had cast it when charging.
(...She swept up the debris cunningly to avoid her chanting from being detected?)
Although spirit magic with the dragon attribute was hard to control and not very versatile, it was the strongest class in terms of physical enhancement of the body. Also, rather than covering the entire body, it achieved its effects by shrinking the defensive area or raising its strength to the maximum limit.
For example, had Kamito aimed for her throat instead of her chest, the match would be over already. However, Leonora saw through his target most splendidly.
Instincts built from a solid foundation of experience—Indeed she was an elementalist among the best of the best.
Although the deflected slash swept over her shoulder, Leonora continued to charge and collided using her entire weight.
Crash—the blunt sound of violent impact between bones was heard.
Kamito's body was sent flying, crashing into the ground a distance away.
Leonora should have experienced the same impact but did not seem injured at all. This was because a contract with a dragon spirit conferred physical reinforcement upon her body.
(Hmm...)
Finding his vision shaking violently, Kamito had apparently suffered a concussion.
Even so, Kamito was still able to discern the approaching danger and swiftly jumped aside.
In that instant, the Dragon Slayer swung down. The instant the floor made of spirit crystal was struck by the tip of the sword, sparks flew and the floor shattered like glass.
Terminus Est was surely capable of enduring a blow from the Dragon Slayer, but the wielder Kamito was a separate matter. He had no wish to engage in a battle of pure strength against a dragon elementalist whose body was physically strengthened.
"Kamito-kun!"
Fianna's scream was heard.
Following the momentum of his sideways leap, Kamito stepped on the wall, took a somersault and readjusted his stance.
Although Leonora's arm strength was immense, allowing her to swing the massive sword freely, the downside to these highly destructive single strikes was the great range of motion required for the swings.
—Taking advantage of the momentary opening, Kamito instantly charged.
(This will work...!)
His gaze met with Leonora who was about to swing her great sword.
Turning the hilt that was carved with a dragon towards him—
(...!)
A certain thought flashed through Kamito's mind.
The instant before he stepped into the opening, he shifted his center of gravity slightly.
Immediately, a crimson heat beam was fired from the dragon carving.
The heat beam flew over Kamito's neck, destroying the wall behind him completely.
"...So it's capable of a trick like that!"
Giving no time for a breather, the Dragon Slayer swept horizontally.
The intense wind from the sword caused Kamito to lose balance.
Leonora did not miss the excellent opportunity. Instantly, she shifted her grip on the sword's hilt and swung it up high.
"Yes...!"
"...!"
At this distance, even if Kamito could dodge the sword itself, he would still be smashed by the shockwave—
(...Please endure this for a while, Est!)
Kamito infused maximum divine power into the Demon Slayer and blocked the hit.
Light flashed past. The impact sounded as if the noise would rupture eardrums.
"Gah... Ohhhh...."
Kamito barely managed to block the sword.
"It's not... Over...!"
However, Kamito was pushed down by the momentum.
"...This, monstrous strength...!"
"Hoho, I'll take that as a compliment."
Amidst the crossed swords, Leonora's bright red face pressed near before Kamito's eyes.
It was an expression filled with utter enjoyment of this blade dance.
Watching her pure and innocent expression, Kamito felt as though he would be mesmerized in an instant.
"I have never had such a rousing and exhilarating blade dance before, Kazehaya Kamito."
"I am honored to hear that."
Kamito relaxed the tension in his face and smiled wryly.
"You're rather composed here. But even for you, reversing this unfavorable posture would be—"
Halfway through her sentence, Leonora's face froze.
An intense flash of light was being generated from Kamito's leather-gloved left hand.
A short sword of steel manifested in that hand.
This was the only spirit magic that Kamito knew, Weapon Forging.
With a flash of the short sword's blade, Kamito slashed lightly through Leonora's fingers which she was using to grip her weapon.
There was no bleeding because physical damage was instantly converted into psychological damage. However, the pain caused Leonora to frown and weakened the sword's force slightly.
Instantly, Kamito parried the sword to the side and escaped from his position of being pressed down. Then—
"Because this does not belong to orthodox swordsmanship, Greyworth used to correct me—"
Holding the short sword and the Demon Slayer in his left and right hands respectively, Kamito explained.
"I actually started out as a dual wielder!"
"Hmm..."
Crashing towards Leonora's chest while she was still off-balance, Kamito made sharp slices with the short sword. As soon as Leonora switched to defense, he immediately attacked using the Demon Slayer.
As sparks flew and scattered from the exchange of offense and defense, it looked like a magnificent dance to an observer—hence that was why duels between elementalists were known as blade dances.
Then the brief dance finally approached its conclusion.
"—O demon dragon Nidhogg, unleash your wrath in my sword!"
Heeding Leonora's call, the Dragon Slayer's blade shone brightly.
"Magical equipment release—Balmung is its name!"
"Unbelievable, magical equipment release...!?"
Kamito's eyes widened.
Magical equipment release—In other words, an elemental waffe's release of its true name. Depending on the type of the spirit being used, a contracted spirit's normally restrained power could be unleashed all at once.
The howling winds of the sword instantly vaporized the short sword created by Weapon Forging and even pushed Terminus Est back.
Leonora was surrounded by a golden-colored tornado.
—No, that was not wind. Rather, the burgeoning divine power was being released from all over her body to an extent that was visible to the naked eye.
(She's gambling everything on this move to decide the battle huh—!)
The initial exchanges were all undertaken in preparation for this move, because activating the magical equipment release required rousing the elemental waffe through a blade dance.
(...However, magical equipment releases are extremely dangerous.)
Releasing restraints was synonymous to letting a spirit go into a berserk state temporarily.
Expanding divine power gushed from Leonora's surroundings. This was proof that her demon spirit was forcibly releasing divine power.
In this kind of situation, even someone of Leonora's caliber could not sustain this for long.
"You said you hoped for a swift duel, Kazehaya Kamito!"
Leonora lifted the Dragon Slayer above her head. Its rumbling howls became even louder.
"This is my strongest sword—"
"Fianna, protect yourself well!"
Kamito shouted out hastily.
Even though Leonora had no such intentions, it was currently very easy for Fianna to get caught up into things.
(If possible, I want to save that move for the last, but...)
Kamito knew he would be defeated unless he went all out. In that case—
(Est, I'm relying on you!)
—Yes, Kamito. I am your sword, your wish is my command!
Kamito heard Est's voice in his mind.
At the same time, the Demon Slayer's blade gave off light several times brighter than usual.
Kamito took half a step to the side and quietly stayed still as he waited for Leonora's next move.
The posture he took was that of a counterattack, the strongest anti-elementalist form.
In her current state, Leonora was fully adequate as an opponent. This was an excellent opportunity for Kamito to test if he had truly mastered his understanding of Greyworth's secret technique.
To take on the strongest sword head on.
Were he to lose here, it implied that Kamito could not hope to defeat Rubia Elstein.
"—O dragon, devour my body and unleash your wrath!"
Leonora roared.
Balmung shone with golden splendor as it chopped right down at Kamito—
In that instant, Kamito took action.
The Absolute Blade's secret technique was no ordinary sword counter. One needed to sense the flow of divine power in the incoming attack and synchronize with the flow while engaging in the blade dance—Its true essence could be described as closer to a princess maiden's ritual dance performance in comparison to a blade dance.
Then—
(In the instant the blades clash, cut the root of the flow—)
Rather than relying on vision, one had to see through by feeling.
A failed activation of the technique would lead to nothing but defeat.
The Demon Slayer and the Dragon Slayer. The two swords collided with each other.
A flash of light erupted—Kamito was able to see within it.
The root where the flow of divine power was concentrated.
"Absolute Blade Arts, Final Form—Last Strike!"
An instantaneous flash of the sword shattered the Dragon Slayer and skewered Leonora.
A blade dance between elementalists of the highest class.
In terms of time, it was so brief that it did not even last a minute.
However, Leonora's face displayed satisfaction as she lay collapsed on the floor.
"Kamito, thank you..."
Panting, her chest heaving up and down, Leonora still smiled.
"...For a most splendid blade dance performed together with you."
Caught unaware by her sincere smile, Kamito felt his heart racing.
Apparently, Leonora no longer had the strength to stand up. Nevertheless, for her to maintain her consciousness after being struck by the Absolute Blade's secret technique, she truly lived up to her reputation.
(...Oh well, it can't really be considered complete.)
While his gaze was drawn to his numb right hand, he breathed a sigh of relief for her safety.
Indeed, the very instant before he unleashed the secret technique, Kamito had slightly loosened the strength of his fingers' grip.
As a result, the secret technique was not performed in a complete manner.
He did not inflict a critical wound on Leonora because—
"Kamito..."
Leonora spoke up at this time.
"My magic stone is kept in my bosom. As the winner, please take it."
"In your bosom!?"
Kamito could not help but find his gaze drawn to Leonora's two massive bulges.
At the same time, he recalled something else.
During the Water Elemental Festival before the finals, Kamito had stared directly at her naked chest due to unavoidable circumstances.
"D-Don't be an idiot, how could I take it out like that!?"
Frantically, Kamito shifted his gaze away.
"Last time, weren't you searching my chest once?"
Leonora pouted angrily.
"Ah, that time, yeah, uh..."
Just as Kamito stammered...
"Hey Kamito-kun, what is the meaning of this chest searching?"
"Meow—?"
"...!"
Rumble rumble rumble rumble rumble rumble rumble rumble...!
Kamito looked back apprehensively to find the imperial princess bearing a lovely smile.
...For some unknown reason, Scarlet also seemed to be getting angry.
"No, that... A-Anyway, putting that aside, could you get out a healing stone instead?"
Kamito frantically changed the subject.
"..."
Fianna continued to glare at Kamito with an icy-cold gaze.
"Geez, you're hopeless."
Nevertheless, she took out a healing stone from her bosom and handed it to Kamito with a sigh.
But rather than using it on himself, Kamito gripped Leonora's hand around it.
"W-Wait a minute, Kamito-kun?"
Fianna jumped in fright.
Given the weight restrictions of the blade dance festival, the healing stone was a precious recovery tool. Handing it over for an enemy team's ace to use was outrageously unwise.
"Kamito, what is the meaning of this?"
The one most confused was Leonora herself.
"Are you pitying me?"
She stared sharply at Kamito.
"No, that's not the idea."
Kamito shook his head and refuted.
"Sorry, Leonora, but I have a request for you."
This was precisely the reason why Kamito had held back the instant when he unleashed the secret technique.
Bending over, Kamito whispered by Leonora's ear.
...After listening, Leonora:
"...Don't worry about it. Consider it my return gift for your blade dancing together with me."
She nodded, still lying on the ground.
"Much appreciated."
Kamito stood up and faced Fianna.
"—Thank you for your patience. Let's go now."
"...Guh... Oooh, ooh..."
Imprisoned, Claire's body was being devoured by darkness as she struggled stubbornly.
Very soon, the cries of the newborn Darkness Queen shall be heard.
"...Amazing. To think you still have the willpower to resist."
Dressed in a pure white ritual outfit, Rubia Elstein exclaimed in admiration.
A specially trained princess maiden might fare differently, but one would expect a rapid fall when corroded by this large amount of darkness.
"—As expected of the Elstein's bloodline."
"...Who are you? Why are you doing this, doing something so cruel!?"
Claire cried out persistently as if in a dream. Apparently, her memories were already mixed up or eliminated. Even when she saw Rubia's face, Claire no longer recognized her elder sister.
Unfazed, Rubia continued chanting a spirit language prayer.
This was a blessing for princess maidens who were chosen as Queens.
However, instead of using one of the Five Great Elemental Lords, the name woven into the blessing was of the Darkness Elemental Lord Ren Ashdoll whose existence had been purged.
"I hate this... No... Don't want..."
"Rest assured. You'll feel a lot better once you fall."
Whispering gently, Rubia stroked her younger sister's red hair.
Back when Claire was young, this was how Rubia lulled her to sleep whenever she was crying.
The darkness continued to devour Claire's memories—whether memories of pain or happiness, all were treated equally.
Rubia did not think this could make up for what she had done to Claire.
Even so, she wished to grant her younger sister some sense of solace.
"—Will come, that person will come."
"...?"
"—That person, surely... Will come to rescue me."
Claire's soul-less eyes once again lit up with brightness.
Rubia was taken slightly aback.
(...Who is she talking about?)
Her memories related to Kazehaya Kamito should have been erased already.
Claire and Kamito encountered each other at the Academy a mere two months ago.
Let alone his name, even his face should no longer be possible to recall.
"Ren Ashbell-sama will surely..."
"..."
Hearing the words escaping from Claire's lips, Rubia sighed lightly.
Claire probably had not realized that the true identity of the past Strongest Blade Dancer, Ren Ashbell, was Kamito. She was simply making dream talk because her memories were confused, probably.
"Claire, the one to receive you will not be the Strongest Blade Dancer but the Demon King."
As she murmured, Rubia felt faint vibrations beneath her feet.
(Dracunia's princess? No—)
—Bathump. Her heart stung with pain.
Rubia's body sensed the presence of the awakening Demon King.
"Apparently, Sjora Kahn's delaying failed."
Or rather, it was the witch's doing. The possibility existed for her to let him through intentionally—
"—Very well. I shall personally give you the final push to awaken."
Rubia lifted up her pure white ritual outfit and stood up lightly.
"...I'm sorry, Claire."
Before walking out the door, she shifted her gaze away from her younger sister and whispered.
"When everything is all finished, I shall be incinerated by the flames of conflagration to atone for my sins."
This was the fate of the Sacred Maiden who brings salvation to the world.
With a snap and rustling—the heavy ritual attire was shed off.
Illuminated by the flickering flames, the graceful curves of a beautiful nude body were revealed.
The pale white skin was covered entirely by black patterns.
Carved on her body were countless Cursed Armament Seals.

In the spiral staircase that rose into the sky, the sound of hard footsteps could be heard.
Chasing after Scarlet as she leaped nimbly, Kamito and Fianna sprinted.
The third floor was already smashed to unrecognizable levels by Leonora and Lily's fight. Weaving nimbly through the corridors where collapsed stone columns piled over one another, Scarlet ran across.
"W-Wait up... Humans can't really pass through this kind of place!"
However, these restraining words came too late and could no longer reach Scarlet on the other side.
Left with no other recourse, Kamito tried to find a way around—
"...We should be able to climb over there... Hmm!?"
Suddenly, Kamito held his chest and bent over.
"W-Wait up, Kamito-kun!"
Fianna frantically supported Kamito's back.
"...Are you okay? Could it be that the battle just now—"
"No, it's nothing."
As sweat appeared on his forehead, Kamito shook his head.
"However..."
"Hurry. I have a bad feeling about what's coming."
Kamito stood up and continued to chase after Scarlet.
(...My endurance will reach a limit sooner or later.)
Even though a healing stone was taking effect on his body right now, the body's fatigue could not be recovered so simply.
Due to the effects of performing the Absolute Blade's secret technique, the Last Strike, his entire body's muscles were screaming in pain.
Although during his days at the Instructional School, Kamito had learnt combat skills for self-suggestion to alleviate the body's pain, he did not dare use these techniques.
Relieving pain was essentially dulling of the senses. In a blade dance against a comparable opponent, it would be fatal.
Passing through the corridor, they mounted the spiral staircase once more—
Finally, the door to a new floor appeared before them.
"Is this the fourth floor...?"
Opening the door, they discovered a floor roughly just as vast as the third floor.
The ceiling was held up by arched pillars. Carved on the ground, a massive magic circle glowed faintly, lighting up the entire space.
The instant they stepped on this floor—
Kamito could feel divine power coursing through his entire body.
"...What is this?"
"The power in the leylines has gathered together. Because this is the Lost Cathedral's core function."
"...In other words, we're close."
"Yes. Claire should be just up ahead."
Fianna nodded. Before them, Scarlet's flames could be seen flickering ahead.
Wagging its tail, she seemed to be urging them to hurry.
"Very well, let's go."
Resolving himself, Kamito was just about to take a step forward—
—Throb.
"...Ooh... Ah, guh...!"
Intense pain like being pricked by needles caused Kamito to groan in pain.
—Throb. Throb. Throb.
No ordinary pain. This was—
(...Damn, it... Came again, did it...)
—Kamito, going any further
An unknown voice, very similar to Restia's.
—Without awakening the Demon King's power, you definitely cannot defeat her.
(...Mind your... own business...!)
Against the murmurs resounding in his mind, Kamito desperately resisted.
"...Kamito-kun?"
"Fianna, stay away from me a little more...!"
Hearing Kamito's sharp voice, Fianna suddenly stared with her eyes wide open.
"You're hearing that voice again?"
Kamito crouched down silently and covered his ears with his hands.
However, as if mocking Kamito's efforts, the voice continued to whisper.
—Form a contract with me, Kamito.
—Then I can grant you the Demon King's power, allowing you to rule the world.
(...Stop it! I don't need that kind of thing!)
The shapeless darkness eroded his consciousness.
This was not the comforting darkness of night.
Not the mysterious darkness under Restia's rule.
Instead, this was an astoundingly otherworldly darkness.
Resembling the Wish that devoured her three years ago on that day.
The cruel and merciless darkness that devoured the warm heart Restia had given him, devoured his memories of the precious comrades he met at the Academy, and even devoured everything.
(Stop, it... Ah, ahhhhhhhhhhhh...!)
"Please be calm, Kamito."
Suddenly, Kamito found himself being hugged by a pair of slender arms.
A supple sensation enveloped him. Beautiful silver-white hair brushed against his face.
"Es...t...?"
The sacred sword hanging by his waist had transformed back into a girl without him knowing.
"Kamito, don't worry. I am here."
Her slender arms wrapped around his neck as Est whispered softly.
The phosphorescence of her silver-white hair covered Kamito's entire body.
(...My headache... Is gone?)
At the same time, that voice which had been so clear earlier could no longer be heard.
Terminus Est was both a demon sword with an accumulated curse and also a sword that could dispel all magical effects. Similar to how she sealed away the Brand of Darkness Rubia had carved last time, she now sealed away the voice tempting Kamito towards the darkness.
Soon after, the phosphorescence enveloping Kamito vanished and his headache was gone.
As Est released her arms gently, Kamito slowly stood up.
"...I'm fine now. Thank you, Est."
As Kamito stroked Est's head, she half-closed her eyes in enjoyment.
"Kamito-kun... Are you seriously okay?"
"Yeah... Sorry for making you worry."
Kamito thanked Fianna for worrying about him.
"...Let's move on. Otherwise, the headaches might come again."
"Yeah, you're right..."
Fianna nodded, still showing a worried expression.
At this moment—
"Meow—!"
"...?"
Scarlet was waving her tail intensely in this dimly lit floor.
Kamito turned his gaze towards Scarlet and in that very instant—
Crimson pillars of fire erupted from the magic circle that covered the floor.
"...What!?"
As the intense, swirling flames drove away the darkness, the vast floor's entire appearance could be seen for the first time.
In the furthest depths of the floor, the door to the top level opened slowly with a low sound.
Then—
"Even now, do you still refuse to awaken as the Demon King, Kazehaya Kamito?"
—She appeared there.
With flaming red hair and crystal-clear eyes of ruby.
The scarlet mask removed, showing her true face to all—the other Strongest Blade Dancer, Ren Ashbell.
"...Rubia Elstein."
Kamito's forehead sweated as he called out her name softly.
Indeed, her facial features resembled her younger sister greatly.
—Kamito could not help but find the word "pretty" surface in his mind.
Walking amidst the bursting crimson flames, the figure of the Calamity Queen exuded a tragic sense of beauty.
"I have already cast that name away four years ago."
Rubia answered without much feeling.
"Then your current name is the Strongest Blade Dancer, Ren Ashbell?"
"Whether I am worthy of that name or not, that shall be determined here."
She was unfazed by Kamito's sarcasm.
Walking to the center of the floor, she stopped.
She was ten and a half steps away—a distance that could be crossed within the blink of an eye.
"—Give Claire back."
"She has already fallen to darkness. All that is left is your awakening."
"...!"
Kamito stared with his eyes wide open—
(Am I too late again?)
Then he clenched his fist tightly.
(...No, it hasn't ended yet.)
Even if Claire had fallen and become the Darkness Queen, so long as Kamito did not awaken as the Demon King, there was still a chance to save her.
"Claire is your sister, you know."
"Indeed. Having inherited the same blood of fire—which is why she is qualified to become a Queen."
"If only you were as cute as Claire."
Kamito suppressed his anger as he spoke.
"Don't blame me if I show no mercy."
...By this point, there was no room for negotiations.
Kamito communicated with his eyes with Fianna behind him, gesturing for her to retreat to the wall.
As much as he would like to have Save the Queen's support, given Fianna's dual contract state with Scarlet, releasing her elemental waffe would be too much of a challenge.
Kamito gripped Est's hand as she stood beside him.
"Est, I'm relying on you."
"Yes, Kamito—I am your sword, your wish is my command."
Est's body dissipated into the air as particles of light—
Immediately, the Demon Slayer appeared in Kamito's hand.
"The strongest blade dancer, Ren Ashbell—return that title to me!"
"—Come with everything you've got, Demon King's successor."
Thus began the blade dance between the two Strongest Blade Dancers, both Ren Ashbell.
The spewing pillars of fire signaled the opening.
"Let's go, Est!"
Letting divine power concentrated in his legs explode, Kamito kicked the ground intensely.
Carrying the dazzling Demon Slayer, he rushed like a flash of light.
Kamito pulled out all stops and went with full power from the very start. After all, his opponent was not someone whom one could afford to hold back against and still hope for victory.
Rubia Elstein was not wielding an elemental waffe.
Simply waving her finger to one side, she moved her lips slightly.
A tiny fireball appeared in midair—and expanded instantly.
(...Is this a fireball!?)
The fireball was the most popular move amongst all offensive magic with the flame attribute. Even for Kamito who was unskilled with all types of spirit magic, he understood a fair amount about it because the fireball was Claire's prided technique.
Kamito instantly discerned the fireball's attack range and slightly adjusted his route of advance. His aim was simply to avoid a direct hit and to ride upon the wake of the exploding wind to make his attack.
Rubia released the giant fireball from her hand.
The fireball struck the ground before Kamito directly, producing explosive wind as intense flames swirled.
The unexpected power knocked Kamito from the side, causing him to strike the floor.
(...It's so powerful!)
As his entire body hurt, Kamito lamented.
Despite being the same fireball magic that Claire used, the level of power was as different as heaven and earth.
(I guess I should say, as expected of the former Queen—)
Kamito instantly reformed his stance and readied his sword.
However, Rubia had already finished her next chant.
"—Come out from the gates of fiery hell, scorching hunting hounds."
Out from a magic circle that appeared in the air, three fiery Hellhounds were summoned, pouncing at Kamito from three different directions.
"—Too slow."
The sweeping claws of flame simply passed through empty space.
Taking a leap with his explosive leg power, Kamito jumped straight up.
Switching the Demon Slayer to a reverse grip in midair—
"Absolute Blade Arts, Third Form—Shadowmoon Waltz!"
With a flash of the sword—the three hounds were slashed in one stroke of the sword.
"The sleeping king of the volcano, release your breath—Flame Howl."
Without giving him a single moment of respite, flames in the form of a massive dragon attacked Kamito. Capturing Kamito's movements with god-like speed, the fire dragon chased closely after him.
(Auto-tracking magic huh?)
Clicking his tongue, Kamito halted his footsteps.
Turning around in a semicircle, he smashed the fire dragon's skull as he spun.
The fire dragon writhed painfully on the floor before disappearing into the air.
As sparks scattered all around, new pillars of fire spewed out.
But even the flames of purgatory were nothing but ragged cloth in the face of Terminus Est's excellent magical resistance.
(—This is working! As long as Est is at full power.)
Using the momentum from his spin, Kamito rushed forth instantly.
"Ohhhhhhhhhhhh!"
Closing the distance within the blink of an eye, he unleashed a powerful strike. However—
"...What!?"
The sliced figure of Rubia disappeared without a trace amidst flickering flames.
"...Tsk, a flame mirage!"
"—I see that you have apparently recovered your senses to a level comparable to the past, Strongest Blade Dancer."
Kamito felt a presence behind him.
"...!"
He immediately spun around to unleash a horizontal slash.
However, Rubia evaded his sword with minimal movement.
"Then I shall be a little more serious—"
Blue flames were generated in her hand.
"Not even time can escape a frozen fate, conflagrating flames of absolute zero -- Frost Blaze."
"Your flames do not work against my Est!"
Kamito advanced without hesitation and made a second slash from the front.
Absolute Blade Arts, Fourth Form—Blaze Slash.
The ritual sword technique for absorbing the flame attribute, this was meant to be the trump card against Rubia.
"Kamito-kun, don't do it!"
Fianna's voice suddenly called out.
(...Eh?)
Instantly, Kamito began to doubt the phenomenon before his eyes.
As soon as the tip of his sword touched the blue flames, the Demon Slayer's blade was frozen.
"What—these flames are!?"
Demonic flames capable of penetrating the Demon Slayer's magical resistance of the highest class.
For flames to freeze other objects—this phenomenon completely ran counter to Astral Zero's principles.
"This is the primordial flame inherited by the Elstein bloodline—"
Receiving the frozen blade with one hand, Rubia spoke.
"True fire that transcends the power of the Five Great Elemental Lords."
The erupting blue flames gradually froze Terminus Est's blade.
Crish—a dry sound of something breaking rocked Kamito's eardrums.
(...Est is shattering!?)
Kamito frantically withdrew his sword and leaped back.
However, Rubia did not miss her chance.
Carrying absolute-zero flames in her fist, she followed through and approached.
"I can feel it, the awakening of the Demon King within you."
"Why are you resurrecting the Demon King? What is your goal!?"
Kamito yelled as he used the Demon Slayer to block the freezing flames.
"A foolish question. The Demon King brings forth—nothing but the destruction of this world."
"—That's not right."
"Why would you think that?"
"Because your eyes are the same as Claire's."
"...What?"
Rubia displayed wavering for the first time.
Using this opening, Kamito swept away the blue flames and distanced himself.
Rubia remained rooted to the spot, glaring at Kamito with her burning eyes of ruby.
"...Back when I first met Claire, she had the same eyes."
Hoping for victory in the Blade Dance, in order to learn the truth—
Back when Claire declared her intentions, her eyes were extremely clear.
However, it was also true that Kamito felt a certain sense of danger from the purity in those eyes.
And currently, Kamito could feel the same sense of danger from Rubia's eyes.
What compelled her actions was definitely not ambition or desire.
—But an incomparably pure sense of mission.
"..."
Rubia slowly put down her hand.
Then—
"My goal is—to use the Demon King's power to exterminate the Elemental Lords."
Calmly, she declared.
"Exterminate the Elemental Lords... Come again?"
Kamito's eyes widened as he stammered in shock.
This was because of that certain Wish—
"—Indeed. Three years ago on that very day, you and the darkness spirit intended to realize that Wish."
Rubia continued, as if reading Kamito's mind.
"—Then you failed."
"..."
Hearing her cold words, Kamito held his breath.
—Indeed, they had failed.
Due to his memories being in a mess, Kamito could not recall what actually happened back then.
However, the fact that the Elemental Lords continued to exist was clear beyond a doubt.
"...Why?"
Kamito spoke as if groaning.
"Why do you want to kill the Elemental Lords?"
He might have asked this particular question already, three years ago.
In response to this question, how had the darkness spirit girl answered?
"In order to rebuild this world."
Rubia answered immediately.
"Rebuild the world?"
"Indeed. Destroying the Elemental Lords to create a world where spirits do not exist, that is my goal."
"...What did you say!?"
Pondering what that implied—Kamito could not help but tremble.
The continent—the world's order was founded upon the blessings provided by the spirits.
If the power of spirits disappeared from the continent, the world would surely fall into great chaos.
This was the reappearance of the Ranbal War as Greyworth feared—No, it would cause a great war that no other war in the past could compare to.
"...How many lives do you think you'll sacrifice if you do that?"
Kamito asked in a trembling voice.
"Sacrifice huh—"
Rubia's expression remained completely unchanged.
"The price that all humans of the continent are obligated to pay for the sake of everything."
Thus she asserted.
"...Stop screwing around."
Kamito gritted his teeth, his shoulders trembling.
"For the sake of your goal... Hundreds of thousands, millions of people are going to be sacrificed."
"Supposing that is the necessary sacrifice, I will not hesitate a single bit."
"Then let me repeat myself—Stop screwing around."
Immediately, Kamito's body vanished from sight. A flash of light appeared for but an instant. Infusing the divine power from his entire body, Kamito slashed at Rubia.
Rubia's Frost Blaze blocked the sword's blade—
"What!?"
"Ohhhhhhhhhhh!"
But Kamito pushed the sword harder just like that.
The shining light reflected diffusedly off the frozen ice.
Sealing Rubia's movements, Kamito yelled loudly.
"Fianna, I'll leave Claire to you!"
"...Understood!"
She must have been biding her time carefully.
Fianna ran at full speed without hesitation.
"...Damn it!"
Rubia instantly released Fireball magic with one hand.
But before the massive fireball could devour Fianna—
A hell cat spirit jumped out from the shadows behind a pillar, inserting herself in front of Fianna—
Striking Scarlet, the fireball was absorbed before it could explode.
Passing through the burning flames, Fianna and Scarlet disappeared in the door's direction.
"That was careless of you. You forgot you are alone but we are a team."
"—It is all futile. Claire has already fallen to the darkness."
"I don't believe that willful little lady could fall so easily—!"
Yelling Kamito infused maximum divine power into the frozen Demon Slayer.
Crack—!
The magical ice covering the blade instantly shattered.
"...Sorry, Est. I have to be a little rough."
Panting, Kamito stabbed the sword into the floor.
Blown away by the impact, Rubia murmured as she displayed an expression of disbelief.
"How could this be possible, for you to shatter Frost Blaze..."
"..."
Kamito withdrew his sword from the floor and once again faced off, holding the sword with both hands.
"Rubia Elstein. You are free to hold whatever ideals you want. However, when it involves unrelated people, I cannot approve."
A straight, penetrating gaze.
Rubia accepted such a gaze from Kamito head on with her eyes of ruby.
...For an instant, Kamito wondered if he was seeing things when he thought he saw the flames in her eyes waver.
"You have no idea of the tragedies I have witnessed."
"...?"
—The mood changed.
The pillars of fire bursting all over the room extinguished.
Like an omen before a storm, an instant of silence arrived.
Then—
"Words without power to back them up are useless. I learned that the very day after I became Queen."
The scorching air slowly revolved and gathered around Rubia.
(...This amount of heat is astounding!)
A wave of scorching heat made Kamito stomp his foot.
The vortex of hot air caught fire all at once, turning into a howling tornado of flame that began to dance.
"Now let me show you—the strongest god-slaying flames."
"God-slaying flames..."
The strongest flame spirit, the one that the Calamity Queen reputedly stole from the Fire Elemental Lord.
The tornado of flames reached up to the ceiling and soon began to transform into some shape.
The thing that appeared before Kamito's eyes was—
Wrapped in crimson flames, an archdemon in the shape of a giant.
"..."
Kamito had seen It before.
Unforgettable. Four years ago—that very day when the Instructional School was destroyed.
"...! That was your doing, singlehandedly... Was it..."
Kamito muttered hoarsely with shock.
The archdemon-class spirit that singlehandedly destroyed the Instructional School.
"—Yes. Thinking back, from that moment onwards, I fear that our fates became intertwined."
The archdemon of flame knelt down before Rubia. As Rubia brought her fingers together and chanted the words of releasing in spirit language, the archdemon condensed itself into a crimson demon sword held in Rubia's hands.
With a swing of the demon sword in her hands—
"This is it, the strongest elemental waffe of the flame attribute, Laevateinn."
Rubia Elstein announced the name.
"Huff, huff... W-What is that spirit!?"
Wielding the magic bow of ice, Rinslet panted as she spoke.
Sjora Kahn had summoned the demon spirit—Bandersnatch.
Its appearance was a white sphere with two arms.
The middle of the sphere had a huge opening that opened and closed like a mouth.
Amongst spirits, demon spirits had particularly strange forms. This Bandersnatch was no exception. However, it was truly terrifying not because of its appearance—but because of its special ability.
"...Hmm, I cannot believe my wind is being devoured..."
Holding Ray Hawk, Ellis murmured in shock.
Indeed, the demon spirit behaved as its name implied—the one who devoured everything.
"—It's coming!"
Rinslet warned.
Bandersnatch opened wide its huge jaws, producing a rain of freezing fangs.
These were the Freezing Arrows Rinslet had released earlier.
"—Evil winds, go forth and rampage!"
Ellis hastily swung Ray Hawk, shattering the incoming fangs of ice.
However, engaging purely in defense was useless for it meant consuming divine power without achieving anything.
The shattered ice turned into sharp blades of ice that scratched Ellis' face.
"Captain! Damn it..."
Unable to bear it, Rinslet prepared to release an arrow of ice—
"No! It will get devoured again!"
"...!"
But Ellis called out to stop her.
...Right, attacking that thing was a waste of effort.
Or rather, it offered new power to it instead.
Whether Rinslet's magical ice or Ellis' wind blades, the monster had swallowed them all.
"However, if this continues, the situation will only worsen!"
"...Ooh, if only one could approach that thing—"
If the elemental waffe were used at close range for a direct attack, it should not be absorbed.
...However, it was impossible to approach. Having devoured the magical powers of both ice and wind, Bandersnatch was currently akin to an iron fortress.
"Fufu, then I'm coming♪"
Behind the howling winds of ice, Sjora Kahn's noisy jeering could be heard.
Then Bandersnatch's spheral body suddenly shuddered.
The winds of ice stopped, bringing an instant of silence, then—
The white sphere split through the middle, like gaping jaws—jeering.
"...W-What is going on?"
Just as Rinslet whispered—
Bandersnatch vanished—
"...What!?"
—Or rather, it jumped, using its arms to strike the ground.
This unexpected movement caused Rinslet and Ellis to react too late.
Rumble—as the ground shook, Bandersnatch landed in front of Rinslet.
"...Yah!"
Rinslet screamed as she fired Freezing Arrows randomly.
But the arrows of ice were all absorbed by the gaping jaws, disappearing all together.
"How... could..."
Rinslet stood there in shock.
"Take this—!"
Ellis thrust Ray Hawk towards the monster's arm.
"...!?"
But it was virtually useless.
The monster grinned and extended a massive tongue towards Rinslet.
"—Rinslet!"
The astounding tongue was just about to swallow Rinslet.
The magic bow of ice disappeared—transforming into a beautiful white wolf that pounced at the tongue.
"Fenrir!"
ROOOOOOOAAAAAAR!
The demon ice spirit's sharp claws slashed across the massive tongue.
But even its claws of ice were unable to slice open the extremely thick tongue.
"Ara, what a brave child."
Sjora narrowed her snake-like eyes.
"—That child, I want it."
As the witch brought her hands together slightly, Fenrir's movements suddenly stopped after it jumped onto the ground. From Sjora's hands came black threads which were firmly restraining Fenrir's four limbs.
Bandersnatch wrapped its massive tongue around the white wolf's body—
And just like that, Fenrir was swallowed whole.
"...!?"
"The Laurenfrosts' demon ice spirit, thanks for the meal."
"...NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!"
Rinslet's despair laden cries filled the air.
The strongest elemental waffe with the flame attribute—Laevateinn.
Rubia casually swung the sword and the erupting flames instantly consumed the surrounding space.
(...What heat.)
Evading the flames through instinct, Kamito could not dodge the heat.
Ordinary flames could not compare to this astounding heat.
The floor became red and broken like lava.
Considering this Lost Cathedral was built using spirit crystals that resisted the five great attributes, it was even easier to comprehend the overwhelming power of these flames.
These flames seemed as though they embodied the Fire Elemental Lord's wrath.
Wherever the flames burned, the floor was turned into lava that dripped down into the floor below.
"...Without adjusting its power, even the user could be turned into charcoal."
On the other side of the swaying smoke, Rubia spoke.
Her red hair waved in the air as if assimilated with the surrounding flames.
Kamito's entire body broke out in cold sweat.
(...Truly monsters. Whether that spirit there or Rubia commanding it.)
The archdemon of flame that singlehandedly destroyed the Instructional School.
Even if Kamito had the legendary Demon Slayer, it was doubtful whether it could match up at only one-tenth of its original state.
As if sensing his worries—
—Don't worry, Kamito.
"...!"
He heard Est's voice in his mind.
—So long as you believe in me, Kamito, I shall never break.
"Est..."
Kamito muttered to himself, then—
"That's right..."
He gripped the sword in his hand tightly.
"Est, you are the best partner."
—Yes, Kamito.
Terminus Est's blade gave off silver-white brilliance.
Amidst the swirling flames, Rubia's figure appeared, wielding the crimson sword.
The scorching blade heated the surrounding air, causing the entire floor's temperature to rise gradually.
"Careful you don't turn the Lost Cathedral into a block of charcoal too, okay?"
"This is already restrained to some degree. Because I cannot fully control this."
As Rubia swung the crimson demon sword, roaring flames instantly flew towards Kamito.
Kamito stepped on the wall and jumped up. The flames he dodged instantly destroyed the wall, creating a massive hole.
Even without a direct hit, the released heat was probably enough to instantly vaporize a human body.
"Aren't you planning on making me the Demon King?"
"If you're going to die to something of this level, you won't be able to kill the Elemental Lords anyway."
"...Tsk, stop deciding things on your own!"
Kamito stepped on the ceiling and turned around, charging at Rubia from above.
Rubia held Laevateinn with a reverse grip and blocked his full powered attack.
Using the reverse grip, Rubia swung the crimson sword. As sword struck sword, intense sparks were scattered.
Perhaps because activation of the flames at such close range would affect her as well, the flames remained silent.
The crimson and white blades clashed.
Terminus Est barely managed to resist Laevateinn.
However—
(...If this continues, I'm gonna lose.)
Compared to Rubia the former Queen, Kamito's total divine power was simply not on the same level.
Sooner or later, his divine power would be depleted first.
"How ironic, for your weapon to be that Demon Slayer."
During the intense clash, Rubia murmured.
"Oh well, assuming I really am the reincarnation of that Demon King guy—"
"Wrong. I am referring to the sacred sword that once fought alongside the Sacred Maiden, that now battles against me."
"—What?"
Taking advantage of Kamito's momentary lapse in focus, Rubia suddenly applied greater strength.
A sharp attack strong enough to numb the arms caused Kamito to enter a defensive situation.
"Hasn't the question ever crossed your mind? For a princess maiden like myself who was only responsible for rituals, how could I engage you, the Strongest Blade Dancer, in blade dance as equals?"
"...!?"
A crimson slash flashed across Kamito's neck.
Feeling the heat wave scorch his skin, Kamito lamented.
(...Yeah right, it'd be strange if that question never crossed my mind.)
—After fighting her seriously, that sense of doubt deepened.
Talent, training—or the use of Cursed Armament Seals to strengthen the body.
None of these were sufficiently convincing.
"A thousand years ago, there was a girl who tended sheep on the edge of the continent. She obtained a sacred sword that was embedded in a rock."
"...?"
Rubia's sudden recounting of the past caused Kamito to stare at her in surprise.
(...What the heck? What is she talking about?)
"How could a mere girl who tended sheep prevail against the Demon King who ruled over powerful spirits?"
Continuing the clash of blades—Kamito finally realized.
"This is the story of Areishia Idriss?"
The Sacred Queen who destroyed the Demon King a thousand years ago.
The past contractor of the sword spirit Terminus Est.
"—Right. The Sacred Maiden is the opposing existence that awakens in response to the Demon King's awakening. A seed created by the Five Great Elemental Lords who feared the Darkness Elemental Lord, Ren Ashdoll's resurrection."
"Could it be—You are...!"
With an acute sound, the crimson demon blade and the silver-white sacred sword crossed.
"Indeed, I am the existence that opposes the Demon King—the reincarnation of the Sacred Maiden."
"...!"
(To think she is the Sacred Maiden's reincarnation?)
Completely ridiculous hogwash—dismissing her claim was all too easy.
However, Rubia Elstein's power was the undeniable truth.
"Speaking of irony, my existence itself is the most ironic. With the Demon King's resurrection as my goal, intending to destroy the Elemental Lords, for me to carry the power left behind by the Elemental Lords. Or perhaps—"
—It was already decided by fate long ago perhaps.
Rubia murmured the last sentence to herself in self-mockery.
Blocking Laevateinn's blade, Terminus Est's brightness rapidly flashed.
Was it because Kamito's divine power was about to run out, or—
(...Est, are you okay!?)
Infusing as much divine power into the sword as he could, Kamito yelled inside his mind.
Rubia Elstein was the one who inherited the Sacred Maiden's power. The legitimate successor of Areishia Idriss, Est's past contractor. It was not surprising for Est to waver.
However—
—It does not matter, Kamito.
A voice sounded in his mind to refute the idea.
—I am a separate existence from the past Terminus Est. Even if she is the successor of the past master, it does not matter.
—Because I am your sword.
Instantly, the Demon Slayer gave off dazzling brightness.
"Est...!"
(...Right. I have the best partner.)
Even if the opponent was the legendary Sacred Maiden—
"I cannot lose!"
Using his entire strength, Kamito pushed Laevateinn and blew Rubia away.
"I see. That sacred sword is one of the reasons why the Demon King's awakening process has been delayed."
Icy flames lit up in Rubia's eyes.
"Well then, I shall shatter that sacred sword—to impart upon you true despair!"
God-slaying flames—Laevateinn spewed forth a crimson blaze.
(—Now is the moment!)
Kamito had been waiting for this opportunity.
Waiting for Rubia to release her strongest attack.
This opportunity only presented itself for this one instant. Failure was absolutely not allowed.
"Experience for yourself the flames of purgatory, Strongest Blade Dancer, Ren Ashbell!"
As Laevateinn's slash traveled, in that instant—
Kamito used his explosive leg power to leap forward.
Discerning the root of divine power, he aimed the secret technique at that very point.
"Absolute Blade Arts, Final Form—Last Strike!"
The super high speed slash passed through Laevateinn's blade—
In the next instant, the Demon Slayer shattered.
"Est—!"
"Very well, now awaken—Demon King."
Then the scorching hot demon blade pierced Kamito's chest.
"Huff, huff, huff..."
At the top level of the Lost Cathedral, before the shut door, Fianna was catching her breath.
...Indeed, this was the True Sanctuary of this tower.
"Meow..."
Scarlet at her feet was impatiently knocking at the door.
"...Wait a minute, it'll be ready soon."
Fianna spread her arms before the door to decipher the magic.
An average seal of magic had been applied.
Rubia probably never expected the True Sanctuary to be invaded. For a former Queen, this seal was quite crude and Fianna was able to dispel it without much trouble.
As the patterns carved on the door gave off blue-white light, the door opened slowly.
A gust of wind blew through the opened door, causing all the flames on the candlesticks to flicker all at once.
Within the vast hall, the girl's figure could be found.
Claire dressed in ritual attire.
"...Claire!"
Fianna hastily rushed over.
At this moment, standing at the altar, Claire swiftly raised her hand—
In the next instant, flames erupted to block Fianna from advancing.
"...Claire?"
As Fianna halted her steps in shock, Claire faced her:
"...Who are you?"
Claire asked with empty-looking eyes.

—Kamito. Hey, Kamito.
It was that voice again... The voice very similar to hers.
His consciousness enshrouded in darkness, Kamito found himself surrounded gently by the voice.
The way her arms embraced Kamito when he was young.
(...Me—did I fail to protect again?)
The leather glove covering his left hand had been burned away by fire, revealing the spirit seal.
On it was written his regrets from three years ago.
This hand had failed to save her who had been devoured by darkness.
Then Kamito had failed again to protect his precious comrade—Claire Rouge.
Despite possessing enough power to be called the Strongest Blade Dancer, when it came to truly precious people, he always—
—It is still not too late, Kamito.
(...Really?)
In his hazy consciousness, Kamito asked with dependency.
—Really. If you thirst for power, simply form a contract with me.
(Con...tract...)
Just as Kamito was about to follow the voice that surrounded him, as he was about to nod—
(Who are you...?)
He gathered his little remaining willpower and resisted.
Then the voice laughed lightly—
—My name is Ren Ashdoll. The existence you people call the Darkness Elemental Lord.
(...What did... you say!?)
Suddenly, Kamito felt soft feathers against his face.
Before his eyes, the black-winged darkness spirit stood smiling.
A being very similar to Restia, but not Restia.
(...You are the Darkness Elemental Lord, Ren Ashdoll?)
Kamito asked with a hoarse voice.
—Indeed, this darkness spirit is the vessel where my will inhabits.
—The being that guides towards awakening the Demon King who carries my power.
The being with Restia's appearance extended a hand towards Kamito.
—Come on, take my hand, Ren Ashbell.
—If you form a contract with me, your Wishes will all be realized.
(...My wish?)
namely the power to protect precious comrades—The power to not lose anything ever again.
(I... want...)
Kamito's final rationality was devoured by darkness.
Thus, the Demon King took the Darkness Elemental Lord's hand.
The being with Restia's appearance melted into a mass and turned into a single-edged sword.
A jet black demon sword exuding ominous miasma.
His sanity devoured by darkness, Kamito's throat let loose a roar.
"Claire..."
Faced with Claire who was dressed in a ritual outfit colored like darkness, Fianna stood rooted to one spot in shock.
With her red hair untied, Claire resembled her older sister greatly.
The only difference lay in the characteristic of the Elstein sisters, the crystal-clear eyes of ruby.
Claire's eyes were completely empty without any light at all.
"...Who are you?"
Claire asked again. Her expression was as cold as ice.
"Did you forget me?"
Feeling a shock that frightened her, Fianna spoke up.
...It went without saying, her mind already understood. Claire most likely had her memories wiped by Rubia Elstein's magic.
However, Fianna felt a stinging pain in her heart.
Back during her days at the Divine Ritual Institute, the only people Fianna could call friends were her junior Reicha Alminas who would later become the Fire Queen and her senior Rubia.
After Fianna lost the power of the spirit contract and became the Lost Queen, everyone either mocked her secretly or treated her with caution.
However, on their first meeting—Claire had treated Fianna as an equal.
Even with circumstances imposed upon her as the Calamity Queen's younger sister, Claire still moved forward with resolute will.
Claire's steadfast figure, pursuing her own Wish relentlessly, seemed extraordinarily dazzling from Fianna's perspective.
Fianna gazed into Claire's empty stares and spoke:
"I am Fianna Ray Ordesia—Your teammate."
"...Teammate?"
Claire inclined her head in puzzlement.
"Yes. Your comrade."
"Com... rade..."
She muttered with a sluggish voice... But soon after, she shook her head.
"—Liar. I have always been alone. I have no comrades."
"Claire..."
Fianna clenched her fist tightly before her chest.
...She really has forgotten.
Not only Fianna but also Ellis and Rinslet, even Kamito as well—
"Meow..."
At their feet, Scarlet cried mournfully.
"Claire, have you even forgotten your own contracted spirit?"
"...Contracted spirit?"
"Scarlet. You've been saved by her countless times."
"Scarlet..."
Confusion appeared on Claire's face for the first time.
Watching her, Fianna felt a little hopeful.
(...She still hasn't lost her memories completely!)
"Scarlet... That name... I know it..."
"Yes, it's the name of your contracted spirit!"
"—let... Scarlet... Ooh..."
Claire held her hand against her head and groaned.
At this moment, the wall of fire blocking Fianna's advance began to flicker and waver as if being blown by wind.
In that instant, Fianna ran towards the altar.
"...Don't come over!"
Claire released crimson flames from her hand.
"...!"
Fianna hastily laid herself flat against the floor.
The flames swept over Fianna's head, forming an intense pillar of fire behind her.
"...I am the Darkness Queen. —The princess maiden who serves the Demon King."
Claire's red hair fluttered like flames.
From atop the altar, she gazed down coldly at Fianna.
"...Ooh, to think she could still command flames even though she has clearly lost Scarlet already."
The power of spirit magic originated from one's own contracted spirit. Commanding flames of this level when she had already lost her contracted spirit was supposed to be impossible.
(...So these are the flames of Elstein.)
Before these flames, even the flame spirit Scarlet had to be wary of them.
Because the flames of Elstein were flames that incinerated other flames.
"...Retreat. Or else I will turn you into charcoal."
Lifting up the skirt hem of her ritual attire, Claire slowly began to walk.
"...Where are you planning to go?"
"By the side of the Demon King I am supposed to serve—"
"...! I won't let you go. Definitely."
Fianna glared at Claire and stood up.
"—Then if you are going to hinder me, disappear!"
Claire produced flames once more—
The flames were serious this time. A direct hit would mean death.
"Claire, I don't mind your frankness—"
In that instant, Fianna took out a spirit crystal from her bosom and threw it out.
Immediately, a bright flash filled the great hall.
"...!"
With Claire's aim disrupted, the flames spread and began burning the surroundings.
With her eyes covered, Fianna instantly rushed up the steps to the altar.
—This was Fianna's gamble.
(Claire can't possibly have lost her memories completely.)
Even though she was swallowed by darkness, the fire in her heart still gave off smoke.
Claire still remembered Scarlet's name. Furthermore—
(The primordial flames had gone off mark on purpose.)
Supposing Claire was really completely devoured by darkness, that could not possibly happen.
(It's too early to despair!)
As the spirit crystal's effects ran out, the flash dissipated.
There were still six or seven steps left—the altar was farther than imagined. Perhaps Fianna had misjudged the distance visually.
However, stopping was not an option. Surrounding by spreading flames, Fianna sprinted.
"...Stop—Stop!"
Wavering, Claire released especially large flames.
Fianna found herself surrounded by flames completely without any escape—!
"...!"
Fianna ran as she closed her eyes. Just as she prepared herself for death, something red flashed before her.
—Scarlet.
Opening her jaws to swallow the flames that incinerated other flames, she then disappeared.
"...Eh?"
In that instant, Claire's eyes truly opened for the first time.
Fianna did not stop running. Understanding Scarlet's intentions, she charged.
"Why, why won't you stop!?"
"Because I believe in you!"
(...Four more steps... Three...—)
Fianna released divine power from her entire body and passed through the burning flames.
So hot. So hot. So hot. The billowing heat wave almost made her lose consciousness.
Mustering the last of her strength, Fianna reached out towards Claire who stood there stupefied.
"Wake up! Kamito-kun is waiting for you—"
"—Kamito?"
Hearing the name, Claire's expression froze.
(I made it—)
Fianna smiled with relief—
And grabbed Claire's right hand.
Then—
"By the name of the Ordesia imperial family! Your flames, your soul—Hereby returned!"
The spirit seal carved on Fianna's right hand disappeared and the crimson crest was emblazoned on Claire's hand.
"...Ah... Guu...!"
Claire began to cry out in pain.
(...I'll leave the rest to you, Scarlet!)
"...NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!"
Rinslet's mournful screams resounded through the forest.
Before her eyes, the demon spirit swallowed Fenrir.
"Fenrir...!"
Displaying despair on her face, Rinslet stood motionless in shock.
The spirit seal carved on her hand disappeared silently.
"Rinslet, what are you doing!?"
Ellis cried out acutely.
In front of the dazed Rinslet, the massive white sphere opened its jaws.
"..."
However, Rinslet remained in a daze, collapsed sitting on the ground.
The gigantic tongue that had swallowed Fenrir licked its lips—
"...Ohhhhhhhhhhh!"
At the very last second, Ellis rushed from the side and took to the sky with Rinslet in her arms.
Then she landed some distance away and put down Rinslet.
"...How could this be possible, to devour a contracted spirit?"
Ellis moaned with a terrified expression.
Ahead of her gaze, the sphere acted restless, its appearance undergoing a massive transformation.
Expanding and contracting repeatedly, it gradually took on the form of a four-legged beast.
The simple limbs grew sharp claws and teeth appeared in the gaping jaws.
It looked like some sort of farce in mockery of proud Fenrir.
"It assimilated Fenrir...!"
"How... could..."
"Fufu, I already said so, right? Bandersnatch takes everything by force."
Sjora Kahn giggled and sneered.
"Well then, I'm not holding back against the Fahrengart spirit next."
Bandersnatch opened its massive jaws and exhaled a blizzard.
Its breath instantly froze the ground, pinning down the two girls.
—Its power was now vastly superior to earlier.
"...Take, this—"
Readying Ray Hawk, Ellis aimed at the demon spirit.
However, Rinslet grabbed her arm with the intent of stopping her.
"Rinslet, what are you—"
"Captain, Fenrir is inside there!"
Rinslet cried and lamented. Her emerald eyes were tearful.
"..."
Gripping Ellis' arm tightly, she sobbed.
Never shedding a single tear normally, she was now crying like a child.
"B-But..."
Amidst the howling blizzard, Ellis gritted her teeth.
She could sympathize deeply with Rinslet's feelings. For an elementalist, the contracted spirit was a special existence. These bonds were comparable to family ties.
However, if she did not counterattack, they were going to be frozen to death helplessly.
The witch's jeering laughter was heard again. She probably figured out they were unable to counterattack.
"Damn... it...!"
Legs frozen to the ground, they were going to be completely immobile very soon.
"Is this the end..."
Faced with the blizzard blowing forth, Ellis fell to her knees. Just at this moment—
"—What a truly ugly monster."
Clang!
"...!"
Suddenly, a great sword descended from the heavens and pierced Bandersnatch's head.
ROOOOOOOAAAAAAAAR!
The demon spirit instantly changed into a spherical form, howling as it rolled about on the ground.
"...What!?"
Sjora Kahn exclaimed with her eyes wide open.
Swiftly pulling out the great sword and landing on the plains of snow was—
The lovely knight dressed in the military uniform of the country of dragons.
Leader of the Knights of the Dragon Emperor—Leonora Lancaster.
Having retrieved the great sword that stood as tall as her, she embedded it into the ground.
"Leonora-dono...!"
Ellis exclaimed with surprise. Why would she be here—
Leonora turned towards Ellis' side.
"Kazehaya Kamito requested that I assist you two. Although I can't use my full power, I should still have strength to spare for driving the witch away."
"Kamito!?"
At this moment, the Bandersnatch that had been rolling on the snowy plain got up once again.
The open cut rapidly regenerated and the original ball shape was restored.
"I see, its endurance is commendable."
Leonora remarked in admiration and took up the Dragon Slayer.
"You still have the strength to spare for driving the witch away? Interesting words you said there, Dragon Girl."
Sjora Kahn's lips separated in a cruel expression.
"Your dragon spirit, I want to eat it too."
"What could a mere demon spirit do to my Nidhogg?"
Leonora released the sword's aura, shaking the atmosphere.
(So this is the strongest elementalist from the Knights of the Dragon Emperor with their longstanding victorious renown...)
Ellis gulped while Rinslet stared with her eyes wide.
The Theocracy's witch and Dracunia's Dragon Princess.
As the two faced off, tension levels rose to a maximum, at that very instant—
"...How!?" "What is happening!?"
Suddenly, the Lost Cathedral shook as the sound of an earthquake was heard.
"—Hmph, so it finally started."
Sjora Kahn cast her gaze towards the tower and smirked.
The sudden change in the witch's tone felt quite jarring to Ellis—
"Started? ...What is going on?"
"—The Demon King awakened. Darkness Elemental Lord Ren Ashdoll."
"Wha—"
"...Demon King?"
Ellis was dumbfounded while Leonora frowned with surprise.
Sjora gazed up at the tower as if she had lost interest in these girls. Then—
"Feel grateful for the Demon King's awakening. I'll play with you girls some other time."
Together with Bandersnatch, the witch disappeared into the magic circle on the ground.
(...Ooh, mmm...)
Claire woke up in the darkness that locked her consciousness away.
...So hot. It felt almost like the inside of a furnace.
Her memories were a mess. Currently, where was she—
(...In any case, I must leave this place.)
Someone important was waiting for her... That was the only thing she could remember.
Feeling her way around and sweeping away the mud-like darkness, she discovered faint firelight in the distance.
Rather than burning conflagration, this was a warm flame that somehow felt nostalgic.
—ter... Master, where are you...?
Someone's voice could be heard. A dream-like and worried voice.
(...Who?)
—Master!
As Claire reached out towards the flickering flame, the flame instantly burned intensely and transformed into a petite hell cat.
The hell cat called out happily and pounced into Claire's bosom.
"Ah, hot...!"
Claire could not help but cry out.
However, the fiery hell cat kept rubbing its face against her affectionately.
(...This feeling... I have an impression.)
A hole was broken in her heart. The heat from the burning flame seemed to be awakening memories from inside.
(...I have forgotten? Something important—)
Looking down at the hell cat she held in her arms against her chest, Claire desperately tried to recall.
The daughter of the Elstein family in charge of flames.
Blessing the Demon King's awakening, the Darkness Queen.
(No, I am—!)
—Master, please remember! Master's precious comrades!
The flames began to burn intensely in her bosom, scorching Claire's chest.
(...I know this... I know these flames!)
Indeed, these were the flames that had guarded Claire since childhood.
Always by her side—
(...Scar...let...)
With trembling lips, Claire called out that name.
—Yes, Master!
(...You have returned, Scarlet!)
Claire hugged the burning hell cat tightly.
Instantly, the hell cat dissipated into the air as particles of light—
The spirit seal, symbolizing flames, was instantly branded upon Claire's right hand.
As the power of flames filled her body, the false memories were instantly destroyed.
Then—
"...Princess, you have woken up?"
"...Mmm, Fian...na...?"
Claire opened her eyes and—
Her gaze met with the pair of dusk-colored eyes watching her from above.
Fianna's uniform was burned full of holes.
Her gorgeous black hair was in an utter mess.
"Looking like that... What happened to you?"
"...It's actually all your doing, seriously."
Sighing with exasperation, Fianna held Claire's arm and pulled her to her feet.
"Uh... I was taken here by Nee-sama—"
Claire tried to recall what happened after she came here... Then her head began to hurt.
Speaking of which, why am I dressed in this type of ritual outfit?
"No time to talk now. We must hurry over to Kamito-kun."
"...Kamito."
Claire opened her eyes wide suddenly. Just at this very moment—
A frightening noise came from downstairs.
"...Ah... Gah... Ahhh... Ahhhhhhhhhhhh!"
A howling roar like a warcry—
The awakened Demon King rushed into the madly dancing flames.
The weapon he held with both hands was a jet black demon sword that reflected no light. Surpassing the Vorpal Sword of the past, it was enshrouded in an ominous aura.
All sanity consumed by darkness, the Demon King simply rampaged, driven by hatred and the impulse to destroy.
—Indeed, you are the one to lead the world towards destruction.
—Devour these flames of the archnemesis and slaughter mine enemies!
From the demon sword's blade, jet black lightning burst out and smashed the great hall's pillar.
His hair stood up on end as his eyes burned with intense hatred.
"Finally awakened huh—Demon King Kamito."
Rubia Elstein readied her stance with Laevateinn.
The body of its blade was wrapped in blazing flames as it attacked Kamito.
The strongest flames of Astral Zero that could burn the whole world down.
However, the black miasma exuded from the Demon King's body devoured the conflagration within the blink of an eye, transforming them into burning jet-black demonic flames.
"So this is the Demon King's power—capable of devouring Laevateinn's god-slaying flames even in a half-awakened state huh?"
"...Gah... Oh... Ahhhhhhhh!"
Roaring, the Demon King swung the demon sword enveloped in jet-black flames.
The flames of darkness clashed with the crimson flames, resulting in a massive pillar of fire—!
"...Gah... Oh... Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhh—!"
"—Yes. This is good."
Swinging Laevateinn, flames burned in Rubia's eyes.
"This power is indeed—the Demon King's power for destroying the Elemental Lords!"
Demon King and Sacred Maiden—as their powers resisted each other, the pillar of fire disappeared.
—Kill them... Take our enemies, kill them...!
Following the guidance of the voice, the Demon King brandished the jet-black demon sword.
Every time the blades met, the miasma released by the demon sword continued to shave away Laevateinn's flames.
This could not even count as a blade dance—Simply the clash between overwhelming powers.
"Hmm...!"
In the magnificent battle, Rubia was gradually getting suppressed. Even though they were perfectly matched, the Demon King's demon sword was slightly more powerful than the strongest flames.
"Not even time can escape a frozen fate—Frost Blaze!"
Rubia chanted. The blue flames of absolute zero covered Laevateinn's blade and spread to the Demon King's arm via the demon sword of darkness.
The Demon King's right arm was frozen. However—
"...Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!"
The loud and angry roar even caused an earthquake.
As dark black miasma spread from his body, the flames of absolute zero were shattered within the blink of an eye.
"Are you going to destroy me, Demon King?"
Hoho—Rubia smiled at this time.
"So be it. My will shall be inherited by Claire—"
The demon sword of darkness was swung to decapitate the Sacred Maiden—
—In that instant, a crimson slash flashed.
...Momentary silence dominated the great hall.
In that instant, even the burning flames stopped moving.
"—Kamito!"
Opposite the flickering flames—
The figure of Claire Rouge appeared, Flametongue in hand.
The flaming whip extending from Claire's hand was wrapped around Kamito's arm.
Given the Demon King's power, shaking off the whip should have been an easy matter, but for some reason, Kamito did not do that.
"...Oh... Ohhh... Ohhhhhhhh..."
His eyes, filled with hatred and the impulse to destroy, turned towards Claire.
He looked towards the Darkness Queen who had lightened the burden of her clothing by burning off the lower hem of the ritual outfit.
"...Could it be possible, she recovered her memory?"
Jumping back to create some distance just as the blade was about to make contact with her neck, Rubia whispered in amazement.
Holding the whip, Claire walked directly over to Kamito who had stopped moving.
"—Hold it! It is not Kazehaya Kamito—You'll be killed!"
Rubia warned. However—
"No, this is Kamito. I know very well."
Claire simply shook her head.
"...Ohhh... Oh..."
Kamito—ignored Rubia and gazed unerringly at Claire who approached.
The fiery whip lost its heat, melting away and falling from Kamito's arm.
"Kamito—"
Approaching within arm's reach, Claire gazed into Kamito's eyes with her crystal-clear eyes of ruby.
Then—
"...Thank you for coming to save me. I am right here."
A soft thud—Flying into Kamito's arms and leaning against his chest, she whispered.
Dark miasma surrounded Claire but quickly dissipated.
"..."
"So, it's fine now."
Then blushing slightly, she tiptoed to reach forward.
"Turn back into the Kamito I love—"
"...!"
Lips were lightly brought together.
Kamito's dull and life-less eyes suddenly opened wide.
"...W-Wait a minute, what are you doing!?"
Peering out from behind a pillar, Fianna protested with displeasure.
Claire separated their lips lightly and continued to blush as she gazed up at Kamito.
"...Has what possessed you been exorcised?"
"...Cla...ire...?"
Kamito stood there in a daze, muttering in a stupor.
Claire gazed directly into Kamito's eyes.
"That day, what I hoped for, was not that kind of blade dance."
"...?"
As Kamito's mind was filled with puzzlement, Claire reached out with a finger and poked him in the chest.
"What I hoped for was an even more magnificent and wonderful blade dance... Wouldn't you agree, Mr. Ren Ashbell?"
Claire made a slightly shy and awkward but attractive smile.
"Claire, y-you...!"
As Kamito was rendered speechless, the demon sword of darkness slid and fell from his hand.
The endless darkness of imprisonment began to show cracks.
Locked away and tightly sealed in the depths of consciousness, the darkness spirit girl awakened.
(I, why...)
Her self and ego should have vanished completely, devoured by the Ren Ashdoll tainted by the Wish. Once Kamito awakened as the Demon King, he was not going to recall her anymore—that was what was supposed to happen.
However, why did she awaken once more?
...Incomprehensible. One could only attribute it to a miracle.
A miracle that did not happen three years ago.
(...He is calling for me.)
In the darkness, she spread her wings out slowly.
Then she extended her hand towards the air.
To grasp the hand of the young man who needed her.
...Those mutterings could no longer be heard.
Clearly he had been swallowed by the Darkness Elemental Lord Ren Ashdoll's voice, and fallen into darkness.
Clearly he had awakened as the Demon King who brought destruction to the world.
However, Kamito was able to recall his consciousness. As well as the soft sensation lingering on his lips.
"Why..."
Rubia Elstein was so surprised her voice was trembling.
"Seeing as you had already awakened as the Demon King, why would you..."
"I'm sure you can understand that point best, Nee-sama."
Claire was the one who answered.
She stared straight at Rubia with her fiery eyes of ruby.
"The Darkness Queen is the queen who serves the Demon King. And my wish as queen was delivered to Kamito."
"Refusing to fall into darkness, and yet you obtained the Darkness Queen's rights...?"
"Don't underestimate me. After all, I am Nee-sama's sister."
Facing Rubia whose expression was filled with disbelief, Claire pointed Flametongue at her.
"Nee-sama, your plan has failed. Kamito won't become the Demon King anymore."
"...Failed?"
Rubia spoke coldly.
"The genes of the Demon King remain in Kazehaya Kamito's body still."
She readied the incandescent Laevateinn.
"If it sleeps again, I shall simply awaken it once more."
"Nee-sama..."
Flames burst forth from the crimson blade, destroying Lost Cathedral's ceiling.
"—Pick up your sword, Demon King Kamito. Let us continue to blade dance."
"Nee-sama, stop it... Please stop...!"
"Take cover and hide on the side. If you don't want to become a liability."
"Nee-sama..."
Holding the intensely burning crimson sword, Rubia stepped forward slowly.
Intimidated by that overwhelming presence, Claire held her breath.
...No way. In his current state, Kamito cannot defeat Nee-sama for sure.
"—Claire, it'll be fine."
"...Eh?"
Kamito tapped her on the shoulder.
Pushing Claire to the back, he stepped up.
"N-No way! Once you fight Nee-sama, again you will—"
"Don't worry. I'm not going to rely on the Demon King's power."
Kamito smiled fearlessly and picked up the demon sword of darkness that had fallen on the floor.
"—Considering the title of the Demon King, having one title as the Demon King of the Night is enough."
Kamito had faith for some reason. That she was present.
"Kamito, that hand..."
Claire's eyes widened suddenly.
"Yes, the one I will rely on is—"
Instantly, the spirit seal carved on his left hand gave off dazzling brilliance.
What appeared was proof of the Strongest Blade Dancer, the seal of the darkness spirit.
The pain of what he lost three years ago. The nostalgic feeling of souls linked deeply.
"...Hey, can you hear my voice?"
Kamito whispered intimately to the demon sword in his hand.
The brightness of the darkness seal instantly intensified. Blood dripped from the seal, flowing along the demon sword's hilt to gradually dye the jet-black blade red. Then—
"Please! Lend your power to me once more—Restia!"

—I've been waiting all this time for you to say that, Kamito.

In his mind, her voice resounded.
It was not the voice of the Darkness Elemental Lord, Ren Ashdoll. Kamito was certain he had not heard wrong, this was her voice.
Intense sparks flew from the seal on his left hand and the demon sword of darkness instantly changed its form in his hand.
A familiar sense of balanced weight. In his hand was the feeling of the sword he was well accustomed to.
The original appearance of the demon sword of darkness—the elemental waffe, the Vorpal Sword.
"Restia..."
Kamito's sword which had finally returned after three years.
The cold gleaming body of the black blade was beautiful to a breathtaking degree.
However—
—Kamito, let's save the talking for later. First we must figure out how to defeat her.
"Yeah, you're right."
Reminded by Restia's voice, Kamito's attention returned to Rubia before him.
"Useless."
Wielding Laevateinn, Rubia closed in.
The heat from the madly dancing flames mercilessly roasted Kamito's skin.
"That sword you hold there cannot defeat me, the Sacred Maiden."
"...Yes, you are right."
Kamito nodded frankly and admitted the fact.
It was just as she said. Even if he retrieved his power from his Ren Ashbell days completely, it was still not enough to defeat the Sacred Maiden who wielded Laevateinn's god-slaying flames.
Ren Ashbell's power alone was not enough.
Hence—
"Come forth, Est!"
Kamito summoned his other partner.
The Demon Slayer that Rubia's Laevateinn had shattered.
—Yes, Kamito. I am your sword, your wish is my command.
An adorable voice resounded in his mind.
As the spirit seal on his right hand glowed, Terminus Est's blade was reconstituting itself in Kamito's hand.
"What!?" "No way...!"
Rubia stared with her eyes wide open as Claire exclaimed in surprise.
The Vorpal Sword with its jet-black darkness as well as the Demon Slayer with its silver-white brilliance.
Two legendary swords of equal standing were now gathered in Kamito's hands.
"Thanks, Est."
Kamito expressed his gratitude to the sacred sword that appeared in his right hand.
At this time, the blade of the demon sword in his left hand shook slightly.
—Miss Sacred Sword, please don't drag me down.
—The same goes for you, please don't get in my way.
In response to Restia's taunting, Est displayed a rare moment of oppositional defiance.
"You two, please don't talk in my mind at the same time..."
Smiling wryly, Kamito crossed his twin swords and entered a stance.
Perhaps intimidated by the wind produced by the swords, Rubia quietly halted her steps.
"Claire, watch carefully."
"Eh?"
Kamito declared boldly to Claire behind him.
It seemed like Claire had already figured out Kamito's true identity.
Then there was no need to hide his past from her anymore.
"—I am the Strongest Blade Dancer, Ren Ashbell."
"...!?"
Hearing her gasp behind him, Kamito sprang into action.
Wielding the two strongest swords, he ran forward all at once—!
"Foolish. Elemental waffen cannot be used under conditions of dual contracts."
Rubia's Laevateinn swept horizontally all space before him.
The crimson flames bursting forth instantly vaporized a stone pillar and flew towards Kamito.
"Kamito!" "Kamito-kun!"
Claire and Fianna's screams echoed within the floor. However—
"I've heard that the Demon King in the past was able to use seventy-two spirits all by himself!"
Kamito kicked the ground to take a flying leap, stepping decisively into the flames.
"—O darkness, devour the flames to become my strength!"
The horizontally sweeping Vorpal Sword cleared away the crimson flames. Taking advantage of Rubia's instant of wavering, Kamito proceeded to swing the Demon Slayer wielded in his right hand.
"...!?"
Rubia barely blocked the sword. In the instant the blades clashed, intense flames exploded from Laevateinn's body.
Kamito did not stop his series of attacks. Still crossing blades with Laevateinn using the Demon Slayer, Kamito added on top of it a strike from his left hand's Vorpal Sword.
The spewing flames were suppressed entirely by the demon sword of darkness while the shining Demon Slayer gradually pressed near Rubia.
"Impossible... Why!?"
Rubia Elstein's eyes displayed signs of fear.
Faced against the consecutive strikes of the twin swords, Laevateinn was subdued despite the fact that it was supposed to be the strongest flame spirit.
"Ohhhhhhhhhh!"
Pushing against Laevateinn, Kamito hammered the Demon Slayer again. Repeatedly, again and again, it was as though he were forging a long sword in a fiery furnace.
"...I cannot lose, in order to save this world."
"Your way of doing things is not going to save the world!"
Yelling, Kamito swung down the twin swords infused with divine power.
The elemental waffe Laevateinn's crimson blade began to show cracks.
Kamito was overwhelming the opponent, purely through sword skills rather than the Demon King's power.
"Sacrificing the weak and using your younger sister is wrong!"
"Shut up. You have never tasted true despair, that's all."
"I understand despair very well. Three years ago, when I failed to protect her—!"
As the twin swords of light and darkness danced, the flames of purgatory were swept away. Realizing her disadvantage in a close range combat, Rubia distanced herself and raised Laevateinn up high overhead.
Intense, burning, gigantic flames formed a vortex with the crimson blade as the center.
This was the Calamity Queen—Rubia Elstein's full powered special move of the sword.
That was exactly what Kamito targeted.
(Est, Restia—I'm relying on you!)
The Demon Slayer gave off dazzling brightness while the Vorpal Sword became enveloped in jet-black lightning.
This next attack was infused with all of his remaining divine power. Failure meant death.
"Magical equipment release—Muspelheim!"
Rubia Elstein unleashed the greatest and most powerful flames.
"—Let this strike decide the victor!"
Yelling that, Kamito leaped at the intensely burning purgatory.
Then—
"Absolute Blade Arts, Final Form—Last Strike・Dual!"
Using dual wielding to perform the secret technique, Kamito smashed apart Rubia's Laevateinn.
—END

—Considering the title of the Demon King, having one title as the Demon King of the Night is enough!
Hello everyone, I am Shimizu Yuu. I am once again very thankful for everyone who has picked up this book. This time, I present to you the tenth installment of Seirei Tsukai no Blade Dance, "The Awakening of the Demon King"!
The worst reunion occurring amidst burning flames. With the entrusted Vorpal Sword returning to Kamito's hands, her murmurs will lead Kamito to awaken as the Demon King. The conspiracy-filled Cross Fire finally welcomes the final battle against Rubia Elstein. Will Kamito be able to save the captive Claire—?
And thus, the series finally reaches double digits with the tenth volume. This work has only been able to get this far with all the readers who have supported all along, as well as the efforts of many many people. I will continue to strive hard and I hope everyone can continue to support!
Next comes the acknowledgements. To Sakura Hanpen-sensei who has drawn many beautiful illustrations again, I am truly very grateful. The two spirits on the cover are too adorable.
Narita-sama in charge, for making up lots of different plans for promoting the Seirei series, thank you thank you. Let's continue to work hard together.
Also, there's Hyoujyu Issei-sensei who serializes the manga version on Comic Alive. Congratulations on the release of the manga's first volume.
The girls are very cute, the blade dance scenes are super cool, together with some slight ecchi fan service, it is simply the best. Due to the Hyoujyu-sensei's supplementing the designs on the art front, I feel that those who have read the original can still immerse themselves even deeper and enjoy the Seirei world through the manga. This is a really great and high quality manga, so I hope everyone can grab it together with this book to the cashier (it's being sold at the same time as Volume 10!) Also, the official mini guidebook is being given out through lucky draws at the manga promotion event going on right now, please feel free to attend (For details please read the accompanying book band).
Finally, the greatest thanks goes to the readers. I am very happy to receive letters and survey comments. In Volume 9's popularity poll, Est remains supreme but Restia has returned to second place. 3rd is Ellis, 4th is Leonora, 5th and 6th are Rubia and Claire respectively, giving a kind of Elstein sisters combo impression.
—Well then, the Blade Dance festival arc finally draws to an end in the next volume. Let us meet again in the in the eleventh installment, "Elemental Lord Assassination (tentative)", when the truth of what happened three years ago will be revealed!

Shimizu Yuu, January 2013


Welcome and welcome back, I am Sakura Hanpen!
A dual character cover! The dual spirit combo cover.
To be honest, trying to draw two people on the cover with the same dimensions really gave me a hard time figuring out... So difficult.
I must work even harder, that was what I felt strongly in this volume.

Also, we finally see it! Kamito's dual wielding!
Thinking far back to when Restia first appeared, I was speculating the possibility of Restia dying → Est awakening... (stares into the distance)
Because I personally like matching black with white, I like these two characters very much, drawing them together was very enjoyable.
And now I really want to see Volume 11 as soon as possible...
Besides, because of these two taking up space I must stop here...
So let us meet again next volume!

2013 XX 桜はんぺん

“Absolute Blade Arts — Final Form, Last Strike・Dual!”
There were the Demon Slayer in his right hand and the Vorpal Sword held in his left hand.
Crossing each other, the light and dark swords smashed Rubia Elstein’s sword.
At that moment her crimson sword broke.
Her overflowing incandescence flames swept over immediately.
“…Don’t tell me…”
It was a moment of stillness. Within the rampaging flames—
A sigh of despair leaked out from her mouth.
Or perhaps, she might be just simply gasping for oxygen.
In any case—
(—She wouldn’t get another breath.)
The exploding flames were fanned by the wind from the swords and winded into eddies.
In that instant, Kamito rushed further in—
“Oooohhhhhh!”
He let the crossed dual swords fly.
It was a slash of great speed released at super point-blank range.
The sword tip of Vorpal Sword, glowing in the color of darkness, disappeared into her chest like it was being sucked in.
“…Ka…Ha—!”
Her ruby pupils widened like she was saying impossible.
Even as she was facing such a defeat, her appearance looked noble and beautiful.
Beautiful—he honestly thought.
—However, that strong feeling was also something of a moment.
“Sorry. I’ll be taking back the title of the Strongest Blade Dancer.”
While the demon sword in his left hand was stabbed in her chest—
Kamito brandished the Demon Slayer held in a reverse grip.
Within the whirling flames and winds, fragments of Laevateinn fluttered down like sparks.
Having received that close blow, Rubia’s body danced in midair and violently hit the ground.
“…Kk….Ah…!”
What Kamito let loose was a blow that was not materialized and delivered only mental damage to the opponent. There was no damage to her physical body.
Although she would have trouble breathing, much less speaking normally,
Nevertheless—
(…Despite receiving that dual sword secret skill, she’s still conscious.)
While stabilizing his wild breathing, Kamito muttered within his heart.
She probably had most of her power drained out by Laevateinn.
Even so, having received that on one’s body and staying conscious wasn’t something ordinary.
When Kamito was entrusted the secret skill by Greyworth, he had completely fainted.
(So, this is the power of the Sacred Maiden…)
Areishia Idriss—The Sacred Queen that destroyed the Demon King thousands of years ago.
Rubia Elstein was the reincarnation that succeeded that power.
In other words, she was an existence that would have opposed Kamito, who succeeded the power of the Demon King. That power transformed a sickly girl, who had never properly wielded a sword, into the strongest elementalist.
In any case—
Kamito was looking down at Rubia gasping in agony while he calmly put down his left and right swords.
The blade dance had completely concluded. Although she had the power of the Sacred Maiden, having lost her elemental waffe meant that she no longer had the power to fight.
(…Well, it’s the same for me too though—)
The moment that air of tension was gone, his vision grew hazy and intense sleepiness assailed him.
(…Like I thought, releasing two elemental waffe at the same time was a little too much…)
Demon Slayer and Vorpal Sword. Both were extraordinary elemental waffe. Even if it was Kamito, wielding them both at the same time would certainly rob him off all his divine power.
The spirit seals on both his hands lost their glow, and at that moment.
Strength suddenly left from his knees and he tumbled over his steps.
“…Kamito!”
Kamito was about to fall over as Claire in her ritual costume hugged him in a fluster.
“A-Are you alright?”
“…Yea. I just used a little too much divine power, that’s all…”
While he was wrapped in the texture of something soft-feeling, he closed his eyelids.
His consciousness grew hazy. However, only his hands that held both his left and right swords wouldn’t let go no matter what.
Even when Kamito fell as the Demon King, Est had sworn to be together with him as the "Demon's Sword". Then—
(Restia…)
Since that day three years ago, she was the darkness spirit girl he had been pursuing all this time.
He felt like she would disappear again if he let his hand go—
He held the sword hilt with so much strength that his fist turned white.
“—Kamito-kun, relax. I’ll apply the healing magic now.”
Having dashed over, Fianna whispered that into his ear.
However, Kamito shook his head while he was in Claire’s arms.
“…N-No…It’ll be better if you don’t touch me now.”
“…Eh? W-Why?”
“I had once awakened as the Demon King. The Demon King’s power is the power of the reincarnated Ren Ashdoll—”
“In other words, it’ll cause a backlash with my divine power that’s cloaked in the holy attribute?”
“…Something…like that.”
Kamito made a light nod.
To begin with, Kamito’s body had a constitution that repelled healing magic.
Because of that, Fianna had to take a roundabout method of making direct contact with her skin to send her divine power in to boost Kamito’s own healing ability, however—
If she did that in Kamito’s current state of just having awakened as the Demon King, there was no telling what kind of effect it would have.
Even if it was an unlikely thing, he couldn’t let her face such dangers.
“But, at least get some non-magical emergency treatment—”
“I’m…fine. More importantly…”
Then, Kamito moved his line of sight somewhere in front after shaking his head.
At the heart of the spewing flames, Rubia was glaring at him while she raised a voice of anguish. It was remarkable that she still had not lost consciousness but that was just prolonging the agony on herself.
“Treat her first. Even if she was healed and recovered some strength, with her elemental waffe gone, she cannot be a threat.”
“Kamito-kun…”
“…I…have…not lost yet …!”
Rubia groaned from the depths of her throat.
With stern flames filled within those ruby pupils of hers, she staggered about as she stood up.
However—
“No, it is your loss, Rubia.”
Kamito coldly denied.
“As I recall, you did say that the Sacred Maiden is the opposing existence to the Demon King. In other words, that means if my Demon King powers grow, your powers too would increase by my growth. Am I wrong?”
…She did not reply. The same ruby pupils as Claire’s just glared at Kamito loathsomely.
“But your plans failed. I had shut out the power of the Demon King that was beginning to awaken. Which means—”
Taking a light breath, Kamito concluded.
“Your Sacred Maiden powers that made you the Strongest Blade Dancer also got shut out at the same time, right?”
“…”
He probably hit the mark. Her shoulders trembled weakly.
However—
“It…doesn’t…”
“…What?”
“It doesn’t…mean that the powers of the Demon King have completely vanished yet!—”
A blue flame was created in Rubia’s right hand.
Frost Blaze—A heretic flame that was disconnected with the logic and laws of this world.
“…The two of you, get away from me!”
Kamito shouted and wielded both his right and left swords.
But, at that moment, a sharp numbing-like pain ran throughout his arms. It was the repercussion from releasing the secret skill of the Absolute Blade.
The nerves in his arms were paralyzed and Kamito became defenseless for a moment, when—
“Awaken once more now, Kazehaya Kamito. Otherwise—die.”
She let loose the absolute-zero blue flame that would even freeze one’s soul at Kamito.
“—Kamito!”
Claire stood up and jumped out before Kamito.
“Claire!?”
“O’ true flames, carved in blood of ancient times, dwell in my hand and devour flames—”
As she quickly spun the words of an aria in the spirit language, crimson flames were clad over her hand.
Kamito widened his eyes. It wasn’t Claire’s specialty of spirit magic flames.
Those were heretic flames that would oppose Rubia’s flames.
“Those are the flames that return all to nothing—End of Vermillion!”
Those dignified words trembled the atmosphere, and the crimson flames were released.
The raging flames of demise collided into the Frost Blaze Rubia released in midway—
“…!?”
The explosion that would normally happen from a collision between two spirit magics didn’t occur.
The crimson flames Claire let loose burned out Rubia’s flames in an instant.
Having greedily devoured the blue flames, Claire’s flames stayed at that spot for a while—
And, eventually disappeared into nothing, without leaving any traces behind.
(This is Claire’s Flame-Burning Flames…)
Kamito gulped. He had heard about it but this was the first time he saw it himself.
“…Tch, falling as the Darkness Queen has awakened your nature…”
Rubia muttered in astonishment.
“…Nee-sama, just stop it.”
Then—
Claire promptly put her hand down and stepped forward.
“I will definitely not let Kamito be the Demon King.”
The Elstein sisters confronted each other.
Within that tensed atmosphere, eyes of the same ruby pupils glared at each other.
It seemed like Rubia’s eyes wavered for a mere instant but—
“…Don’t…get in my way, Claire.”
Leaking out from her lips were dispassionate words of farewell.
“I…have to save this world. That’s the responsibility of those knowing the truth.”
“The truth…”
Claire widened her eyes in surprise.
“Yes. I came here to hear the truth from your mouth, Nee-sama.”
Having seemingly made her resolve, she nodded and, just like that, she walked on straight towards her sister.
“—The truth four years ago”
“Claire, it’s dangerous—”
At the same time, Kamito gave a warning.
Absolute-zero flames again were created on Rubia’s hand and they were blazing violently.
However, Claire did not falter. Keeping her arms defenselessly lowered, she drew closer towards her.
“…Tell me, Nee-sama. Why did you rebel against the Elemental Lord that day?”
“It has nothing to with you.”
“There’s no way it has nothing to with me. After all—”
“Shut it!”
“After all, Nee-sama—”
“… I said shut it!”
The absolute zero flames were released from Rubia’s fingertip.
“Claire—!”
With a shout, Kamito frantically reached out his hands but he didn’t make it.
Just as the surging blue flames were about swallow Claire whole.
“—Nee-sama, as far as I’m concerned, you have always been my beloved sister.”
“…!”
Rubia’s eyes of ruby pupils widened in shock.
Without even thinking of dodging the flames, Claire plunged right into Rubia’s chest.
“…Why…didn’t you avoid it?”
“I believed in you, Nee-sama, that you really wouldn’t hit me.”
Claire gently held Rubia’s wounded body close to her.
“…!?”
“…Nee-sama, just stop all this…”
Her muffled voiced changed into a tearful sobbing in an instant.
Having lost her ability to move, Rubia stood still with a puzzled expression.
“—Looks like you’ve reached a conclusion, Rubia.”
Kamito calmly told her.
“…”
After a short silence, she—
“…It would seem that way.”
Looking up at the empty skies, she muttered with a sigh.
“I don’t have much time remaining. Now that I’ve failed to awaken the Demon King here, the means to kill the Elemental Lords no longer exist—”
(…Time remaining?)
He got concerned with those words she casually said but—
There was something that he had to ask her first.
“Tell us. You said something like your goal was to remake this world into a world without spirits.”
“…”
“You were once a Queen but why would you try to kill the Elemental Lords?”
“Nee-sama…”
Claire gently raised her crying face.
“Please, tell me the truth. The reason why you had to betray the Elemental Lord.”
Rubia—
Her lips slightly trembled and she forced out a small sigh.
“You guys will never believe it. Even I couldn’t believe it until I saw it with my own eyes. That such a thing exists in this world—”
“I believe you, Nee-sama. Regardless of what others say.”
“Claire—”
Rubia’s pupils wavered.
Claire looked straight back at those pupils of hers.
“…”
Rubia took another breath and her lips quivered slightly.
And—
“Four years ago, the reason I rebelled against the Elemental Lord was—”
She calmly opened her mouth.

—That the Elemental Lord had gone mad.

—Four years ago, the Divine Ritual Institute's supreme council selected Duke Elstein's eldest daughter, Rubia Elstein, to succeed the position of the Fire Elemental Lord's Queen.
The previous Queen had already passed the age of twenty-five and her ability to commune with spirits was beginning to wane. Although her age still qualified for an incumbent elementalist, the Fire Elemental Lord desired to be served by young girls.
Back then, Rubia was just a young maiden who had just reached the age of fifteen. However, no one objected to her being chosen.
The prestigious House of Elstein had produced many Fire Queens in the past. Given that her talent was already flourishing and bearing fruit, it was only natural for Rubia to be selected.
The populace offered their blessings to the new Queen. In turn, the young Rubia responded to the people's expectations and devoted all of her attention to serving the elemental lord.
Her kagura ritual dancing pleased the Elemental Lord, bringing happiness and fortune to the people on the continent.
That was what she once believed firmly.
"—Back then, I was nothing but a foolish and ignorant little girl."
Rubia's voice trembled as she mocked herself.
"Offering my kagura to the Elemental Lord without the slightest doubt, I prayed for fire's blessings to bring peace to the continent. I firmly believed that it could bring happiness to the people—"
"Nee-sama, you were the object of our admiration."
Claire sobbed as she spoke.
"Nee-sama, you were praised as the continent's most gentle Queen... I-I also resolved myself to become a princess maiden like you when I grew up, Nee-sama."
"Rubia-sama was once the goal of all the princess maidens at the Divine Ritual Institute. Ever since Rubia-sama was selected as the Fire Queen, the power of flames was augmented and the populace was delivered from the hardships of cold winter—"
This time, it was Fianna's turn to speak.
Speaking of which, Rubia and Fianna had apparently been close friends during their time at the Divine Ritual Institute. Kamito suddenly recalled this fact.
"—Indeed, I once believed firmly. Those acts were for the people. The great Elemental Lord was a being who brought blessings to the people."
Rubia's prim and proper face was twisted in pain as she lamented in despair.
"—Until that particular day."
"...That particular day?"
Kamito frowned and asked.
Rubia bit her lip as though to suppress the rising anger in her heart.
"—Indeed, that particular day. It was roughly half a year after I became the Fire Queen. A small town on the Empire's border was obliterated from the land."
"...!?"
Claire suddenly opened her eyes wide.
"Could it be the disaster of Dylus?"
"Yes. The town known as Dylus no longer exists."
"...That incident was not your fault, Nee-sama."
Claire shook her head in denial.
"...Back then, it was only thanks to your nonstop prayers, carried out with neither sleep nor rest, that the Fire Elemental Lord's wrath was pacified—"
"Umm, could you pause right there?"
Kamito interrupted at this point.
"...Eh?"
"Say, what's the disaster of Dylus?"
Hearing Kamito's question, Claire's face was filled with disbelief.
"...Is it possible that you don't know about that incident?"
"Although there was a gag order at the time, it's a monumental incident that is known to virtually everyone in the Empire."
Fianna also cocked her head in puzzlement.
"Four years ago, I was still in the Instructional School. The children who grew up there are not taught anything unrelated to their missions."
Even though Kamito had acquired basic knowledge from Restia's education, he was still completely ignorant of events that happened outside the facility at the time. Hence, he had never heard of the incident known as the disaster of Dylus.
"...Fair enough. Particularly after Nee-sama's betrayal, people seldom bring up that incident again. It's normal for Kamito not to know."
Claire shrugged and spoke quietly.
"The disaster of Dylus refers to the incident where the little town of Dylus on the border of the Ordesia Empire was obliterated from the land because they angered the Fire Elemental Lord."
"Obliterated?"
"Yes. Bathed in a rain of fire for three days and three nights, not a single trace remained."
Claire sorrowfully bowed her head.
"...Umm, and the reason?"
"The reason?"
"The reason for the elemental lord's anger. That's really unusual for an entire town to be destroyed."
Kamito's question prompted a layer of gloom to cloud Claire's face.
"The people of Dylus failed to prepare enough offerings—Supposedly."
"...Offerings?"
"Yes, due to the protracted drought that year, lands on the Empire's borders were unable to harvest enough grain to make offerings to the elemental lord. This ended up incurring his wrath."
"...! J-Just because of something like that—"
Kamito was dumbfounded.
Throughout the entirety of history, there had been multiple instances of monumental disasters caused by the Elemental Lords.
Storms, severe earthquakes, river floods, volcanic eruptions—These monumental natural disasters, recorded in the continent's history, were essentially all caused by incurring the elemental lords' wrath.
However, who could have thought a city could be destroyed over such a thing—
"—Indeed. Precisely because of such a thing."
Rubia remarked sharply.
"Precisely because of such a thing, that town was turned into ash."
Her eyes burned with dim flames as she spat her words out in utter contempt.
"The rain of fire brought destruction to Dylus over three days and three nights. The flames incinerated people's homes completely. The surrounding soil was utterly ruined. The populace's lamentation was unheeded, their pleas rejected as well—"
"B-But!"
Claire raised her voice to object.
"At the time, Nee-sama, your prayers did manage to reach the Elemental Lord. Everyone said that you pacified the disaster of Sidonia—"
"...Indeed. At the time, I saved that town."
Her voice trembled. Then the sound of gritted teeth was heard.
"The people of Dylus did not blame me. They even thanked me. They thanked me, the one who could do nothing about the town that was engulfed by flames. Everything went according to the Elemental Lord's wishes. This was all their own fault for incurring the elemental lord's wrath—!"
Crying out with erupting emotion, Rubia hammered a stone pillar with her fists.
(...The townspeople accepted their destruction without harboring any doubts.)
Kamito muttered in his heart.
In the human realm where everything borrowed the power of the spirits, the judgment of the Elemental Lords, the rulers of Astral Zero, was absolute. People were not permitted to harbor the slightest doubt.
(However, back then, she...)
—Doubts formed in her mind.
As a Queen who served the elemental lord directly...
(Absolutely forbidden doubts were formed—)
Rubia spoke as though she were reading Kamito's thoughts.
"Indeed, that was the first impetus giving rise to my doubts."
"...The first."
"—Indeed. The disaster of Dylus was just the beginning."
After that, the Elemental Lord's judgment swept through various lands in the continent on several occasions.
Every time, Rubia would beg for mercy and prayed to appease his anger. But on each occasion, by the time her prayers finally went through, people had already lost all their possessions.
"I was powerless at the time. I could do nothing but lament my powerlessness...!"
Erupting from her throat were cries of sorrow.
The flames of hate burned intensely in her eyes of ruby.
"One day, the first time I voiced the doubt hidden in my heart was at the supreme council. I questioned the elemental lord's unreasonable instances of judgment. Next, I requested for a chance to have a direct audience with the elemental lord."
"An audience with the elemental lord!?"
Fianna cried out in surprise.
For her who was once a princess maiden at the Divine Ritual Institute, these words carried special significance.
Even for the Queen who was chosen from among hundreds of princess maidens, wanting to meet the True Sanctuary's Elemental Lords was absolutely taboo.
Throughout the entirety of history, there did exist Queens who were admitted to a direct audience with the elemental lords, but they all died unnatural deaths without exception.
"Of course, I did not receive permission for a direct audience with the elemental lord. The supreme council imprisoned me for the crime of irreverence and that ended up causing more displeasure to the elemental lord."
Repeated tragedies. Prayers that absolutely failed to get through.
Carrying these doubts, lamenting her own powerlessness, even so, she continued to plead for mercy.
During those days, filled with despair—
The decisive event occurred, prompting her betrayal to become the Calamity Queen.
"The elemental lord demanded a certain offering from me as the price to appease his anger."
"Offering..."
It was quite common for high-ranking spirits to demand offerings from humans.
The Divine Ritual Institute's princess maidens made offerings of the dance performances they had learned. Elementalists offered their divine power to contracted spirits.
However, what exactly did the Fire Elemental Lord seek from Rubia—
"The elemental lord demanded from me..."
As though squeezing her voice out from the depths of her throat, Rubia spoke:
"—Elstein's True Flame."
"...!?"
Everyone's face froze.
Elstein's True Flame.
These words meant—
"—Is it possible that it meant using Claire as an offering?"
"..."
Rubia's silence gave the answer.
Elstein's True Flame. These words meant the House of Elstein's bloodline.
Carried by the two sisters, the heretical flames that transcended the world's laws and principles.
"...No... way..."
Claire murmured in shock.
"The Elemental Lord wanted my life?"
"This is impossible to believe, Rubia-sama."
Fianna instantly rejected it.
(...Indeed, it was inconceivable for an Elemental Lord to demand a living person's life as a sacrifice.)
Spirits who demanded live sacrifices were rare indeed. This was fact.
However, those spirits that ruled over people through fear were successively defeated by human heroes over the generations.
It was possible for an evil spirit of the earth, but it was completely inconceivable for an Elemental Lord to demand this kind of offering as one of Astral Zero's exalted rulers.
Nevertheless—
"Whether you believe it or not, that is the truth."
Dim flames in her eyes, Rubia spoke.
"At first, I could not believe it either. I thought it was a test of loyalty for me, the one who had doubted the Elemental Lord's judgment. I regretted my suspicions and pleaded for absolution. I kept offering kagura dancing and prayers so that the demand for sacrifice would be withdrawn. Every night, until I fell unconscious to the ground, I kept at it nonstop, nonstop, nonstop..."
However, those prayers were completely in vain.
"I pleaded to use my own life as a sacrifice. My body also carried Elstein's True Flame. I hoped my younger sister's life could be spared in exchange for mine."
"Nee-sama..."
The answer was no.
What the elemental lord sought was not Rubia's flame but the flame of her sister, Claire.
Next, the elemental lord's flames of wrath were stoked by the Queen's persistent pleas for mercy.
The flames of his wrath were directed towards the people of Ordesia. The elemental lord issued a decree that threatened to rain down destruction upon the imperial capital equivalent to Dylus' plight if the sacrifice was not offered.
"How... could..."
"Even for an Elemental Lord, such an atrocity cannot possibly be accepted!"
Fianna objected sharply.
"What did the Divine Ritual Institute's supreme council say?"
"The elders completely ignored my appeals. Despite their doubts about the disastrous decree, they simply kept repeating that the Elemental Lord's will is absolute."
Rubia gritted her teeth hard and shook her head.
"I despaired. Towards the Divine Ritual Institute, the elemental lord, as well as myself, powerless to resist—"
Then the night before the imperial capital was about to turn into a burning inferno...
She made her decision.
At daybreak as judgment loomed over the imperial capital.
Rubia broke the Divine Ritual Institute's taboo and entered the deepest part of the shrine.
This was a place where even Queens were absolutely forbidden.
Astral Zero's True Sanctuary.
She went before the guardian spirit that protected the True Sanctuary.
It probably had not expected a Queen would break the taboo. Suffering a surprise attack, the guardian spirit was devoured and destroyed by the mystical flames of absolute zero before it noticed Rubia's intentions.
The one hindering her from gaining an audience with the Elemental Lord no longer existed.
In the first place, only Queens were permitted to step foot in the shrine. Stationed outside the shrine, the spirit knights could not notice what happened inside.
Passing through the endless corridor leading to the True Sanctuary, Rubia reached the deepest room.
Then she opened the towering final gates.
Following the steps that led high above, she reached the top level.
She arrived at a throne that was covered by a massive curtain.
"—I saw that."
Trembling—
Her entire body shuddered from terror.
This girl who was the Strongest Blade Dancer's imposter...
Rather than anger, she was trembling from pure terror.
Seeing her pale expression, the trio involuntarily swallowed a mouthful of air.
"What was it—"
Kamito was the first to speak.
"At the True Sanctuary where the Elemental Lords reside, what did you see?"
Rubia—
The color of fear clearly surfaced in her eyes of ruby.
"—You must have witnessed the same sight as I did. Three years ago."
"...!"
Kamito recalled the feeling that felt as though a sharp blade had stabbed into his heart.
Cold sweat broke out from his forehead and dripped on the ground.
"Kamito and Nee-sama both saw the same thing?"
Claire frowned with surprise—
She instantly understood.
"...Th-That's right. You were the previous Blade Dance's—"
(...Come to think of it, Claire already knows.)
Turning his gaze away, slightly embarrassed, Kamito sighed in his heart.
Claire's gaze towards Kamito did not show any signs of reprimand. Although Kamito still had some doubts, he swept them aside for now—
(...I saw the Elemental Lords three years ago?)
Having an audience with the Elemental Lords was an absolute taboo even for a Queen.
However, there was one and only one exception.
—Namely, the winner of the Blade Dance.
The elementalist who obtained victory throughout the brutal blade dances was rewarded with the chance to personally voice their Wish in front of the Elemental Lords ruling from the True Sanctuary.
(...!)
Throb—Instantly, Kamito's brain felt a pang of intense pain.
Whenever he tried to recall what had happened back then, his thoughts entered a hazy state.
"...That day, I probably saw the same thing."
Recovering barely enough to speak, Kamito shook his head lightly.
"But I have no memories of that time at all."
That which existed in the deepest part of the True Sanctuary.
The only image he could recall was the darkness that devoured Restia.
Kamito's gaze was drawn to the demon sword of darkness gripped in his left hand.
(Restia, you should know, right?)
The true identity of that which had caused the Calamity Queen to despair.
"That day, what I saw was—"
Just as Rubia was about to speak...
Raging flames suddenly poured out from thin air.
"...What!?"
Kamito swiftly readied his dual swords—
Next, he suddenly turned his gaze towards Rubia.
"...Ah, guh...!"
Rubia was crouching on the floor, groaning in pain.
Many beads of sweat appeared on her forehead while red droplets of blood dripped from her arms.
"N-Nee-sama, what's going on!?"
The first to notice Rubia's unusual symptoms, Claire held her hand.
"So hot!"
As soon as she touched the dripping blood, Claire screamed softly.
The blood flowing from her body was boiling like seething lava.
"What... is this... Nee-sama, what on earth, happened...?"
Rolling up Rubia's sleeve, Claire could not help but hold her breath.
Covering her arm was an ominous seal that resembled a snake.
(That's a Cursed Armament Seal...!)
"...Looks like the final moment has arrived."
Losing all color of blood from her face, Rubia smiled in a dreamlike manner.
"The final... Nee-sama, what on earth... is going on...?"
"—The flames of purgatory are demanding my soul."
Suddenly, the crimson flames that had manifested out of the air bared their fangs towards Rubia.

"...!"
Almost reflexively—
Kamito swung the dual swords he was wielding.
Giving off dazzling brilliance, the sword of steel—Terminus Est—deflected the incoming flames. Held in a reverse grip, the demon sword was swung towards the flames attacking from the opposite direction.
"Claire!"
Before Kamito cried out, Claire had already summoned Flametongue.
Sweeping her surroundings in a circular manner, she produced an intensely burning wall of fire.
"What's going on? Why did your flames attack you?"
Kamito turned his gaze towards Rubia behind him.
Rubia showed an expression of enduring intense pain.
"Those are not my own flames..."
"What?"
"That type of flame... was acquired... using this life as the price..."
"Kamito, it's coming!"
Clare yelled out.
The roaring flames penetrated her wall of fire and attacked the immobile Rubia.
Kamito clicked his tongue and blocked the flames by crossing his dual swords.
(...The flames have strengthened?)
Judging from the heat scorching his skin, Kamito sensed through instinct.
"...Take this, turn into charcoal!"
Gnawing at the dual swords persistently, the flames were incinerated by Claire's Flame-Burning Flames.
Where the flames vanished, a sharp noise resembling glass shattering could be heard.
Staring in shock at what had shattered—Kamito's eyes instantly widened.
It was a transparent crimson crystal—a fragment of the Godslaying Flames.
"...What!? Laevateinn should be smashed already—"
"What you smashed was my elemental waffe. The spirit itself was not... destroyed."
Rubia panted as she spoke.
The Cursed Armament Seals on her arms were glowing ominously while the color of blood seeped through her military uniform.
"Laevateinn is a spirit weapon that was defeated by the Five Great Elemental Lords during the past Spirit War and sealed away. Hence, it hates the Elemental Lords and lent its power to me due to our shared goals. However—"
Rubia coughed violently. The crimson and bloody froth began to spread on the ground.
"Originally, it was not a spirit that humans could form a contract with. As the price for a contract incommensurate with oneself, that spirit demanded—My life."
"...H-How could that be...!?"
Claire cried out sorrowfully—
"A contract whose price is one's life cannot be sustained for years—"
But in the middle of speaking, Claire suddenly realized something and held her breath.
"Those excessive Cursed Armament Seals. Are they for sustaining the impossible contract?"
Kamito asked calmly.
"..."
Rubia did not answer. Biting her lip, she was enduring the intense pain tormenting her entire body.
(...Through the Theocracy, she had contacted Murders.)
An organization formed by merchants of death, Murders was involved in the transplantation of illegal Cursed Armament Seals. Rubia had probably transplanted Cursed Armament Seals on her body through them.
Using countless fake contracts, piling multiple layers on top of the original contract, the strongest flame spirit was restrained.
However, this kind of method could not last indefinitely. Even for a Queen possessing a princess maiden's disposition of the highest rank, the burden on the body would eventually reach a limit.
"So you intended to die from the very start?"
"Had you awakened as the Demon King and accepted the will of the Darkness Elemental Lord Ren Ashdoll who is dominated by hatred, you would have gone to murder the Elemental Lords... In that event, my death would have been worthwhile."
While coughing blood, Rubia spoke indifferently.
Kamito stared at her.
"What a willful plan that was."
"...Idealism alone cannot save anything. That was what I truly experienced back when I was still a Queen. Even if great sacrifices must be made, this is the only way to save the world."
"No. That's not what I'm talking about."
Kamito shook his head.
"...What...?"
"Did it ever cross your mind? If you died, there are people who would be heartbroken."
"..."
Crimson flames roared. The noise sounded as though it came from underground and caused Kamito's nerves to tense all over his body.
"Kamito..."
"Yeah—"
Hearing Claire's worried voice, Kamito nodded.
"That must be—the main body of the Godslaying Flames."
Cold sweat flowed down his forehead.
Over there was—
A hand hovering in midair.
Surrounded by roaring flames, a giant hand.
Madly, it roamed the air as though in search of something.
"It's not really the main body. That's just one part of the Godslaying Flames."
"...Just one part?"
Kamito groaned in disbelief.
An elemental waffe was simply a fraction of a powerful spirit's strength, merely drawn out through the contract.
In other words, the Laevateinn that Rubia had wielded was merely making use of a minor fraction of the strongest flame spirit's power.
However, the hand extending out from thin air—
(...Archdemon class, at the very least probably.)
Just an arm already produced such astounding heat. Once the main body manifested, surely the entire space itself would be destroyed.
"—Claire."
At this moment, Rubia forced out a weak voice.
"Nee-sama?"
"You can still make it. Leave this place."
"...I-I don't want that! ...I must fight it."
"Useless. It's not a being that humans can defeat."
Rubia displayed a grim gaze and shook her head.
Watching the arm of flame slowly crawling out of the air—
"What it seeks is the contract's price. Once I offer my life, it will probably return to where it came from. I have lost—This is merely accepting my comeuppance."
She smiled as though giving up.
"O-Oh right! All we need to do is break Nee-sama's magic stone and she'll be forcibly transferred to Ragna Ys."
"This thing is summoned using the spirit seal carved in my heart that serves as the medium. It will surely cause destruction if brought over to Ragna Ys."
"...!"
Claire bit her lip hard.
She could not save her precious elder sister. She did not have the power to rescue her.
At this moment—
"Don't give up."
A hand touched Claire on the shoulder.
It was Kamito. Smiling fearlessly, he stared at the arm of flame floating in midair.
"Kamito..."
"Rubia, the same goes for you. It's too early to despair."
Kamito looked back, causing Rubia to stare in surprise.
"Guarding my life... What meaning is there...?"
"...Who knows."
Kamito shrugged casually and readied his dual swords again.
(...Only that I don't want to see sorrow on your sister's face again.)
If anything, his reason was that simple. But Kamito had no obligation to tell her that.
Furthermore, it was too embarrassing to say out loud in front of Claire, the person in question.
"Also, I still have stuff to ask you."
"Then you'll have to survive this first. It's currently just an arm right now, but once the true body appears, it will not be satisfied with just me as the sacrifice."
"—Well then, I'll just have to defeat it."
"...Foolish. It would be okay if your power as the Demon King was awakened, but in your current state, all covered in wounds, you have no such ability—"
"It's not like there's no chance for victory at all. Its main body hasn't manifested yet, right?"
Turning his gaze away from Rubia behind him, Kamito took a step forward.
(...Yes, there's still a chance for victory.)
Telling himself that, he took another step forward.
The giant arm was surrounded with flames.
It was slowly entering from that tear in space.
However, it was just an arm.
For the true body to manifest, that tear was far too narrow.
The Cursed Armament Seals that had been transplanted onto Rubia's body were still restraining the contract.
(If it's before the true body manifests, there's a possibility that—)
Gazing at the arm of wild flames, Kamito infused divine power into his dual swords.
This Lost Cathedral was a large-scale magic device for absorbing divine power from the abandoned city's leylines. Simply standing in this space was enough to replenish divine power.
(—The problem lies in my body's condition.)
The burden of unleashing the dual sword secret technique had caused all his muscles to scream in pain.
...Sizzle... Sizzle sizzle... Sizzle sizzle sizzle sizzle... Sizzle...!
Accompanied by annoying noises, the arm of flame crawled out all at once.
(—No time to think, huh?)
Laevateinn—the spirit weapon sealed in the sanctuary—was also the strongest flame spirit.
Were it to manifest completely, things would be over.
Kamito must take this opportunity while it was still incomplete to stuff it back where it came from.
However, even after defeating it, so long as the spirit contract remained, this would amount to nothing but stalling for time. No matter how many more attempts it would take, it was probably still going to keep demanding Rubia's life.
However, Kamito had an idea.
Although he did not know if it would work—
No matter what, it would be meaningless unless the issue was resolved right now.
The flame spirit opened its palm.
"Kamito, it's coming!"
The warning came from Claire.
A heat wave shook the air in the next instant.
A giant fireball was being released from the hand's fingertips—!
An overwhelming mass of heat was attacking, dragging a crimson tail behind it.
This was Claire's prided specialty, Fireball magic, except the difference in power was as far apart as heaven and earth.
An explosion occurred. Before Kamito's eyes, the fireball exploded into roaring flames.
The sound of the explosion and the swirling center of the heatwave—
"Such power..."
Stabbing her silver rapier into the ground, Fianna wiped sweat off her brow as she grumbled.
Kamito's group was surrounded by a radiant shield of light.
This was Save the Queen—the elemental waffe that erected a sturdy barrier around its user.
Due to returning Scarlet's contract back to Claire, Fianna's circuits reconnected, allowing her to use her knight spirit again.
"Fianna, can I entrust Rubia's protection to you?"
"Yes. But it can't be sustained for long."
Fianna replied in an urgent voice.
Although her elemental waffe barely managed to defend against the current attack—
Once the original power of the Godslaying Flames manifested, even Save the Queen would probably be smashed easily.
"Yeah. Before it comes out—I will settle things!"
Kamito nodded and leapt from the ground, wielding both swords in his hands.
Concentrating his awareness in his hands, Kamito yelled out in his heart.
(Both of you, lend me your power!)
—Yes. I am your sword, your wish is my command.
—I am yours, Kamito. The sword spirit's power is not needed.
—I don't need the darkness spirit's power either.
Sparks flew between the two contracted spirits.
(Come on, stop arguing inside my mind—)
The giant arm swung through the air. Infusing his dual swords with divine power, Kamito charged forward all at once.
The flames of purgatory approached, incinerating a wide area. It was impossible to dodge at this range.
However, there was nothing to fear. If those were ordinary flames—
"Absolute Blade Arts, Fourth Form—Blaze Slash!"
This technique of the Absolute Blade absorbed flames and imbued elemental waffen with the flame attribute.
The flames were sliced apart. Shining with silver-white brilliance, Terminus Est's blade became incandescent.
Hot wind was roasting Kamito's face. Unconcerned, Kamito charged.
"You, O true darkness—Pierce!"
Sleek and pitch-black, the blade of darkness flashed with ominous red light.
With godlike speed, Kamito attacked the flame-spewing arm.
The blade's tip pierced the flame spirit. He could feel a definite hit from the sensation.
However—
"...!?"
The demon sword of darkness was engulfed in flames.
Despite having vanquished numerous spirits in the past, a strike from the Vorpal Sword failed to inflict decisive damage to Laevateinn.
Be that as it may, Kamito's attack was not completely ineffective.
Due to the damage suffered, it finally recognized Kamito as an enemy rather than a target to be devoured.
Fingers of flame grabbed the Vorpal Sword's blade, dragging it into midair.
"...!"
Urgently, Kamito swung his right hand's Demon Slayer.
The fingers of flame were severed and sent flying. Kamito instantly withdrew the demon sword of darkness and jumped back.
The arm of flame chased in pursuit. Although one could not tell since it was just an arm, the spirit was probably angered.
(...Oh well, that's only natural. After all, it suffered a counterattack from the contract's sacrifices.)
Kamito instantly shifted his gaze over towards Rubia's side.
Fianna had erected Save the Queen's barrier. Inside there, Rubia was crouching while looking towards him.
—With an expression of total incomprehension.
(I have no idea what you saw four years ago in the True Sanctuary—)
Crossing the two swords to deflect the descending fist, Kamito pulled back and distanced himself.
(But you despaired far too quickly, Rubia Elstein.)
Kamito's mutterings carried a hint of self-mockery.
He himself had plunged into deep despair in the past as well.
Three years ago, when he lost Restia.
(—After that, I lived as though I were a hollow shell.)
However, he finally freed himself from despair, all thanks to—
The severed fingers of the flame spirit regenerated. Kamito dodged the swinging fist by a hair's breadth.
—No good, Kamito!
His mind suddenly rang with Restia's warning.
Suddenly, the tear in space was forced apart—
—Sizzle... Sizzle sizzle sizzle sizzle sizzle...!
The flame spirit's arm extended as a result.
(...Crap—)
Surpassing Kamito's expectations, the giant arm drew near before his eyes.
As much as he tried to defend against the flames with his two swords, however—
(...I'm gonna be crushed to death!?)
He could not block the Godslaying Flames' overwhelming power.
Together with the two swords, Kamito was being crushed against the ground.
"Guh, ah...!"
His entire body was sinking into the stone floor. The heat wave charred his hair and slowly stole oxygen from his lungs. Without the protection from his elemental waffen, his body probably would have been vaporized just now—
At this moment—
"Kamito!"
Slicing through wind, the flaming whip entangled the Godslaying Flames' arm.
The pressure disappeared for an instant. Kamito did not miss this opening. Using the Demon Slayer as a shield and sliding the Vorpal Sword that crossed it, he flipped to the side and escaped.
The giant arm crashed down. The wind of the explosion blew Kamito away.
Kamito lost balance but Flametongue grabbed his leg and swiftly pulled him to the ground.
"...Thanks a lot, Claire."
"Seriously, stop going at it recklessly alone."
"Sorry..."
Kamito shrugged and smiled wryly.
Indeed, the reason that Kamito was able to break free from despair was all thanks to—
Claire and the teammates he met at the Academy.
Even for Kamito who was once known as the Strongest Blade Dancer, he could not have come this far by his own efforts alone.
(...You should rely on others more.)
However, in Rubia's despair, she sought capable pawns instead of comrades.
Team Inferno—a group of outstanding users of extraordinary powers.
Suddenly—
"Kamito, you should retreat from the line of fire for now."
"Uh?"
"Your divine power is about to deplete."
"...!"
Kamito only noticed from the reminder.
Held in his respective hands, the two swords were flashing unsteadily.
Simultaneously releasing two elemental waffen of the highest rank was consuming more divine power than he imagined.
Even the divine power supplied by the Lost Cathedral could not keep up with the rate of consumption.
—Don't... worry... Kami.. to...!
—Still... can... do it...!
Est and Restia's voices sounded out in his mind simultaneously.
However, their voices were much less clear than before.
Soon after, the spirit seals on his hands stopped glowing and he could no longer hear their voices.
"...Tsk, this is bad..."
"I'll buy us time. Kamito, you focus on recovering."
"But you—"
Kamito hesitated.
The opponent was the highest ranking flame spirit. Claire alone—
"Fianna, please—"
"Yeah."
"...?"
Unnoticed by Kamito, she had sneaked up on him—
The voice came from behind.
Feeling a sudden tug on his collar, Kamito found himself pulled into the barrier of light.
"Fianna, let go—!"
"No."
Fianna scolded him.
"Leave things to Claire for now. In your current state of divine power depletion, you are unable to inflict critical damage on Laevateinn."
"...!"
Sweeping her hand aside was not hard.
But Kamito did not do that because he had no choice but to admit that she was right.
Kamito put down his hands that were wielding the two swords.
"This tower is a device for gathering divine power. If you concentrate, you can recover divine power rapidly."
"...True, but it's not like it can be done in a matter of seconds."
Both of Kamito's elemental waffen consumed vast amounts of divine power.
Recovery would take a few minutes at least... It was hard to imagine Claire buying that much time.
"...I will protect Nee-sama!"
Her hair fluttered and floated like burning flames—
Claire jumped.
The giant arm extending in midair was severed by her crimson slash.
"No way—"
Kamito stared wide-eyed in surprise.
According to the rules of Astral Zero, flames cutting other flames was an impossible phenomenon.
Claire had applied the power of her Flame-Burning Flames to her elemental waffe.
Crimson flames were cleaved in all directions as Flametongue sliced Laevateinn apart.
Having awakened as the Darkness Queen, Claire now seemed able to control those flames.
(However—)
Laevateinn's arm quickly regenerated and formed even stronger flames to attack Claire.
Signs of fatigue began to show on Claire's face.
(...I knew it. Ordinary attacks don't work.)
While suppressing his anxiety, Kamito groaned in his mind.
He closed his eyes and focused his mind to gather divine power in the two swords in his hands.
He could feel the divine power he obtained from the leylines, circulating in his body.
However, the amount was too little.
Having awakened as the Demon King at one point, Kamito's body even deflected Save the Queen's effects that granted every type of protection.
His current level of divine power could not activate elemental waffen of the highest class.
(Hurry... Hurry...!)
At this moment—
"Why—"
Kamito heard a weak voice.
"Why... haven't you all despaired?"
Rubia gazed intently at Kamito with a bloodless expression.
"..."
Just as Kamito was lost at how to answer—
"It's enough for me to be the only sacrifice. There is still a chance to escape—"
She took out a certain object from her bloodstained military uniform.
Displaying metallic luster, held in her hand was—
A small pendant on a chain.
"That's—"
...Kamito had some recollection.
Two months or so earlier.
On that day when Kamito transferred into the Academy, Claire had shown such an object.
Decorated with a lion emblem, it was the House of Elstein's pendant.
She handed that item to Kamito's hands.
"...What do you intend?"
"I wish—to give it to my sister."
Kamito shrugged and spoke:
"Spare me the last words. If you die, Claire will be sad. I don't want to see her making that kind of face ever again."
"..."
"—Listen, Rubia, I will protect you even if it means putting my life on the line."
Hearing Kamito's firm resolve, she—
Bit her cherry lips hard.
"—You're seriously... a fool."
Then she touched Kamito's arm lightly.
Instantly...
(...W-What!?)
Scorching flames swirled around Kamito's entire body.
So hot. His heart was burning like a furnace and his blood was boiling.
"...What did you... do to me...?"
"Eternal Blood of the Phoenix—Recovery magic. Only high-ranking princess maidens are qualified to chant it."
"Recovery magic...?"
Kamito was astonished.
"It shouldn't work on me—"
"Kamito-kun, Eternal Blood is not holy-attribute spirit magic."
Fianna shook her head.
"This is the only existing fire magic under the healing system."
"Fire-attribute healing magic..."
Scorching flames were flowing over from Rubia's fingertips.
"This won't cause any problems... will it?"
Kamito recalled what happened when Rubia used seal magic earlier.
However, the intense pain from that time was absent—
"No it won't. This is legitimate Queen magic. However, unlike usual healing magic, it only imitates those properties."
"...You are the Demon King's successor. The only being who can destroy the Elemental Lords. You cannot die... here..."
Rubia's fingers left Kamito's arm.
"...I entrust my sister to you."
After murmuring softly in a feeble voice—
With that, her knees collapsed and she fell to the floor.
"...Yeah. Leave it to me."
Kamito nodded calmly.
The flames of purgatory were rampaging in his body. Almost out of control, the divine power was forcibly suppressed by Kamito.
As soon as he poured divine power into his hands, the dual swords shone with brilliance once more.
(So this is the divine power from the continent's strongest Queen...!)
Powerful light, strong enough to bring pain to his eyes, caused Kamito to hold his breath.
No ordinary elementalist could compare to this. The difference in the amount of divine power was as far apart as heaven and earth.
"Kamito-kun, the barrier won't last much longer!"
As Fianna screamed, the silver rapier embedded in the ground vanished.
Once Save the Queen's protection was released, a wave of heat instantly rushed over all at once.
"...Kamito, hurry...!"
Claire cried out. Kamito took a leap and—
"Absolute Blade Arts, First Form—Purple Lightning!"
He sliced apart the flames that were attacking Claire.
"Claire, it's okay now. Step back."
"...Got it."
Instantly trading positions, Claire retreated to the back.
Sliced into two, the burning arm of flames regenerated immediately and attacked Kamito.
As expected, against the strongest flame spirit that possessed infinite reserves of divine power, anything less than a full-powered attack would be useless.
(There's no choice but to use overwhelming power to destroy the Gate in the air outright—)
Just at this moment...
—... Kamito, can you hear me...?
A voice was heard in his mind.
(...Restia?)
While deflecting the oncoming flames, Kamito asked.
—Under the current conditions, unleashing a bold move would be foolhardy.
Kamito understood her point. Even with the divine power Rubia entrusted to him, this body, covered in injuries, could hardly perform the strongest sword technique.
But in order to take out Laevateinn, there was no choice but to use the anti-spirit Absolute Blade Arts.
(...But I can only gamble on that—)
—Imagine. The form of the sword that matches you.
(...Uh?)
—There's no need to be bound by the form used three years ago, right?
Kamito realized only after it was pointed out to him.
(—Right!)
Currently, both of Kamito's elemental waffen were two-handed greatswords.
Although they were highly destructive in single strikes, the strain on the body was equally intense.
In that case—
—You don't mind either, Miss Sacred Sword, do you?
—I am Kamito's sword, Kamito's wish is my command.
Faced with Restia's slightly taunting tone of voice, Est's blade responded with dazzling radiance.
(Dual swords huh...)
Kamito imagined in his mind the assassination swords that were familiar to him in the past.
As he poured divine power into the seals on his hands—
That weight, shape and balance awakened in his memory.
(...That's it!)
The instant the image became clear...
The two swords turned into particles of light and transformed.
From large-sized greatswords to small one-handed swords—
(—This will work!)
Holding the white and black swords in reverse grips, Kamito jumped up.
His body felt very light as though he could not feel the weight of the two swords in his hands.
While slicing apart the roaring flames, he swiftly crossed the great hall.
Laevateinn's palm released a rain of fireballs.
Scarlet flames instantly buried his view and were about to swallow Kamito.
However, Kamito moved even faster. Flying among the flames, he then—
"Dual sword technique—Orochi!"
An endless stream of black and white slashes struck down the fireballs one after another.
This was an assassination technique from the Instructional School—an unorthodox sword skill that Greyworth had banned him from using.
—You're going to get scolded by the witch again, Kamito.
"Who cares about her right now—"
Retorting to Restia's jest, Kamito charged.
Laevateinn produced fireballs again—
"I'm not going to let you succeed!"
Before that, Kamito had already swept the black demon blade—the Vorpal Sword—horizontally.
Jet-black lightning erupted from the dark and shiny blade.
—Vorpal Blast. This sword skill had defeated numerous elementalists at the Blade Dance three years ago.
The fireballs exploded inside Laevateinn's hand. The impact shook the great hall.
"Ohhhhhhh!"
Flying past the scattering debris, Kamito instantly closed in. Kicking the ground, he leapt into the air.
(This will decide the victor—!)
Pouring the maximum amount of divine power to the two swords, he swung them both down at the same time—
Suddenly, the tear in space expanded.
(...!?)
Out crawled another arm.
(...Crap, I can't dodge this!)
Kamito instantly made his decision and overlapped his swords to make a cross.
(—Please hold out!)
Compared to the two-handed greatswords, the durability of one-handers were much lower. Even for the legendary demon sword and sacred sword, whether they could withstand the strongest flame spirit's power was still unknown—
(If they yield now, I'm gonna turn into charcoal—)
At this moment, the wall of flame covering the great hall suddenly split apart.
"—Fahrengart style of the spear, Flash Gale!"
Penetrating the wall of fire, enveloped in a gale, the magic spear charged in between the Kamito and the arm of flame.
The one who had thrown the spear was—
(—Ellis!)
Ponytail flying in the wind, the maiden knight entered Kamito's view while he was in midair.
Stabbed into the ground, the magic spear produced a whirlwind, causing Kamito's body to rise.
His teammate had created an opening for him.
Despite its brevity, it was enough.
Readying his two swords in the air, Kamito infused the swords with the divine power that was rampaging in his body.
Then—
"Absolute Blade Arts, Destructive Form—Bursting Blossom Spiral Blade Dance - Thirty-six Consecutive Strikes!"
Countless shining slashes ripped Laevateinn apart together with the Gate in the air.
"Ha, hahaha! How amusing, you really are quite interesting, Kazehaya Kamito!"
On the Lost Cathedral's top level, the shrine where Claire had been imprisoned earlier—
The Theocracy's witch gazed into the distant scene displayed in the crystal ball and laughed on her own.
"However, Rubia Elstein turned out to be far too naive. This is the result of injecting half-baked emotions. Were I in her place, I would surely destroy Claire Rouge's mind completely, then proceed to create the Darkness Queen of my liking—"
Her lips twisted sardonically.
"Thanks to that, the plan failed... But no matter. Depending on circumstances, this might turn out to be even more interesting, kukuku..."
Serpentine eyes were staring at the demon sword of darkness shown in the crystal.
The will of the Darkness Elemental Lord, Ren Ashdoll, guided the Demon King's awakening.
However, the darkness spirit currently seemed to have changed in nature under some sort of influence.
That which wore the guise of Sjora Kahn grinned fearlessly.
"Victory shall be yielded to you here, Kazehaya Kamito. Since that little lady failed, I am not obliged to entertain this any further."
She took out the magic stone carrying Team Inferno's crest from her bosom.
Applying slight force with her fingers, the magic stone cracked and quickly shattered.
Accompanying the magic stone's destruction, Transfer magic immediately activated. Sjora Kahn's body turned into particles of light and gradually disappeared into the air—
"Kuku, let the war begin. A great war unprecedented in the human realm, surpassing the Demon Lord War and the Ranbal War in the past!"
"—Ohhhhhhhhhh!"
The final sword strike slashed through the air.
The rampaging arm of flame vanished without trace along with the tear in space.
The sea of flame covering the floor disappeared at the same time. Instantly, silence dominated the scene.
Maintaining his dual wielding stance, Kamito landed on the ground.
Then following his momentum, he collapsed on his knees.
"...Kamito!" "Kamito-kun!"
Claire and Fianna frantically hurried over.
Appearing over at the door, Ellis and Rinslet also rushed over.
"Kamito, are you okay!?" "Kamito-san!"
"...Ouch..."
Groaning while he looked up, Kamito's view was dominated by the four faces that were watching him worriedly.
They seem to be crying out something but he could not hear very clearly. Perhaps his hearing was numbed.
"...Ellis... Rinslet... Thank goodness you're both safe and sound..."
Not even able to stand up, Kamito spoke softly.
Perhaps the nerves in his arms were damaged, he could not even lift a finger.
This was the backlash from using spirit-vanquishing Absolute Blade Arts.
"...Has Sjora Kahn... been defeated?"
Kamito tried to move his lips and asked the two girls.
"No—"
Hearing him, Ellis shook her head in chagrin.
"The Theocracy's witch escaped... Or rather, she let us go. If Leonora-dono had not hurried over to offer her assistance, we would have lost to that demon spirit."
"...Leonora made it in time huh."
During the fight in the lower levels, Kamito had not taken away Leonora's magic stone. Instead, he asked her to assist Ellis and Rinslet who were fighting Sjora Kahn.
She had fulfilled her promise with Kamito, her opponent.
"...Uh, Leonora?"
Collapsed on the ground, Kamito looked around him.
There were no signs of the demon dragon user.
"...She forfeited the final round."
"Forfeited?"
"Yes. Leonora-dono left a message for you."
Ellis nodded and took out a magic stone from her bosom.
"I have already blade danced with Kamito with my full power and lost. Obsessing over victory and refusing to admit defeat would be a taint to that supreme blade dance—That was what she said."
"...I see."
Exiting the stage like that really suited her style.
Having blade danced with her with everything he had, Kamito felt pride from the bottom of his heart.
"...Claire is fine too."
"...Yeah. Umm... Thank you, everyone."
"H-Helping a teammate is only natural."
"It somehow feels weird to hear honest thanks from you."
"Does untying your hair change your personality?"
"...S-So annoying. What the heck."
Claire pouted with displeasure.
At her feet, Scarlet wagged her tail happily.
"...Anyway, it's great that everyone is safe and sound—Cough, ah..."
Suddenly, Kamito's entire body was filled with intense pain.
His heart raced madly and his muscles were convulsing. He felt pain as though his body was burning inside.
"Kamito... W-What's the matter!?"
Claire frantically picked up Kamito's body in her arms.
"...S-So hot...!"
"—It's the Eternal Blood's side effects."
A calm voice was heard from behind.
Everyone turned to look back.
"Nee-sama, what's going on!?"
"The flames driving Kazehaya Kamito's body have burnt out. Since he used a technique that strained his body this much, the backlash must logically be quite astounding—"
"How could this...!?"
"Relax. This boy will not die from this. Once the Demon King's power is completely withdrawn, it will be fine for Fianna over there to heal him."
"...By the way, you... And there I was, thinking this healing was so fast..."
Enduring the intense pain, Kamito poked fun at her.
"Healing was never my specialty in the first place."
However, the former Queen shook her head nonchalantly.
"Rubia Elstein..."
In response, Ellis readied her spear and glared at her warily.
"What is your goal?"
"...The Fahrengart family's daughter, huh."
Leaning against a stone pillar, Rubia looked at Ellis indifferently.
"...Stop it, Ellis."
"Kamito? But she—"
"...She no longer has the power to fight. Swinging your weapon at a person who cannot resist will taint a knight's honor..."
"No power remaining?"
"...That is true too. Indeed, it appears that my remaining power.. has vanished."
In a slightly sardonic tone of voice, Rubia spoke.
Blood had stopped flowing from the Cursed Armament Seals on her arms.
"...To think a spirit contract could be severed—Is it that sacred sword's power?"
"I already tried it once before."
Supported upright by Claire, Kamito nodded.
Temporarily driving Laevateinn away did not solve the problem at its root. So long as the contract's connection remained, the spirit was surely going to continue making attempts to claim Rubia's life relentlessly.
However, defeating the strongest flame spirit's main body was absolutely impossible. It was not an opponent that a human elementalist could oppose.
Hence, Kamito had severed the contract connecting Laevateinn to Rubia.
He relied on the power of the Demon Slayer—Terminus Est.
Possessing the strongest anti-magic properties, this "cursed sword," capable of absorbing all curses, was simultaneously a sacred sword that could lift all spells. The contract exchanged between a spirit and an elementalist was also a type of spell.
In the past, Kamito had used Terminus Est to destroy the Cursed Armament Seal transplanted on Velsaria Eva's heart. However, back then, he had only destroyed the Cursed Armament Seal that was driving her spirit mad, rather than the spirit's contract.
(...But it looks like my gamble paid off.)
Kamito called upon the sacred sword in his hand.
(...Est, good job.)
—Yes. Because I am Kamito's beloved sword.
—Oh dear, what is Miss Sacred Sword muttering on her own about over there?
—Kamito is talking to me. The darkness spirit should shut up.
(I beg you, please don't argue in someone else's mind...)
Kamito pressed his temples and groaned.
"The contract was severed..."
Claire reacted and spoke up.
"In other words, the contract's price won't be exacted from Nee-sama, right?"
"...Yes. That should be the case—"
Kamito turned his gaze towards Rubia.
"I still have things to ask you. How could I let you die so easily here?"
Staring her straight in the eyes, Kamito asked.
"—Also, tell us already. Four years ago, in the shrine of the Elemental Lords, what exactly did you see?"
"I..."
Rubia's eyes wandered in space for an instant.
Kamito did not fail to catch the emotions appearing on her face for an instant.
It was irrepressible fear.
This girl, the former Queen, had destroyed the Instructional School in the past and was capable of dealings with Murders and the Theocracy's military. What could possibly inspire such fear in her—
After several seconds of silence—
She finally spoke.

"—Something beyond this world."

"Something beyond this world?"
"Yes. Very likely, it is the existence causing the current Elemental Lords to go mad. Furthermore, it is the true form of what you people call the Elemental Lords' miracle."
"...Nee-sama... What... What are you saying?"
Claire's voice was doubtful.
"Bear this in mind. The miracle transcending this world's rules and logic, granted to the victor of the Blade Dance, does not actually grant the Wish you hope for."
"...What does that mean?"
While raising this question—
Kamito recalled what he heard in the past.
—The elemental lords' blessing is not as omnipotent as rumored.
(...I remember Greyworth saying something like that.)
Similarly, she was also someone who had had an audience with the elemental lords.
(...The Elemental Lords' miracle huh.)
Had these words come from an ordinary person, they could be dismissed as utter nonsense.
But she—Rubia Elstein—was formerly a Queen serving the elemental lord.
This was her reason for choosing betrayal at all costs, going as far as to abandon her position and duties, even sacrificing her own life.
The insanity of the Elemental Lords. If it were real—
"But since the Demon King's awakening failed. Everything is too late now."
Rubia took out something from the sleeve of her military uniform and tossed it over to Kamito.
Kamito caught it reflexively.
"...?"
She had thrown a magic stone, shining with red light.
"You can confirm the truth with your own eyes."
"W-Wait up, Rubia!" "Nee-sama!"
Kamito and Claire noticed her intentions at the same time—But it was too late.
Due to forsaking the magic stone, the transfer magic activated.
Rubia's body turned into particles of light and vanished from the scene.
"Nee-sama, wait, Nee-sama...!"
Claire's voice echoed in the great hall.
"...Nee-sama."
The scene fell silent.
Finally—
"...With that, it means that Team Inferno's leader has exited the stage."
Casting his gaze on the magic stone in his hand, Kamito muttered.
Muir Alenstarl had disappeared. Lily Flame had lost to Leonora.
And Leonora had also retired by her own volition.
"The only ace-class enemy left is the Theocracy's witch. Also, Luminaris of the Sacred Spirit Knights, right—"
There were still ten-odd hours left until the Blade Dance's final round ended.
Outside the crumbling walls, the sun had set.
Just at this moment...
"W-What!?"
"What is going on?"
Ellis and Rinslet screamed.
Beneath their feet, shining magic circles suddenly appeared.
"This is Transfer magic... Kyah!"
"W-What!?"
The same magic circles appeared around Kamito and the rest.
Then—
"...!?"
His view was overwhelmed by the dazzling light.
The entire field of vision was pure white.
An intense dizziness caused all the sensations of the body to disappear instantly.
When Kamito opened his eyes—
In his view was a white ceiling.
"...This place is?"
Surprised, just as he was about to get up from the hard floor—
"Ouch—!"
"N-No! You should not be impatient to get up..."
He heard the cute voice of a girl.
"...?"
It was not Claire or the others. However, it was not completely unfamiliar either.
(This voice, I remember it's...)
Frowning, Kamito surveyed his surroundings by sight.
He saw—
"...Are you alright...?"
Looking straight into Kamito's face was a princess maiden in a crimson ritual outfit.
Gorgeous black hair draped over her face. Eyes like a timid pet's.
"You are...!"
Kamito remembered.
As the Calamity Queen's successor, the princess maiden chosen as the Fire Queen.
Reicha Alminas.
"...Reicha, why are you here? ...No wait, where is this?"
Still in confusion, Kamito asked.
Hearing him, the young Queen produced a gentle smile.
"Please calm down. All of you have returned to Ragna Ys."
Shocking words.

Having awoken, Kamito followed Reicha to another room.
His broken arm was simply secured between two pieces of wood. His elemental waffen, the two swords, were hanging at his waist. Although Reicha suggested handing them over to her for safekeeping, Kamito declined.
Along the way with Reicha in the lead, Kamito saw a garden surrounded by colonnades. He had some recollection. In the past, he had cross-dressed and sneaked in here with Fianna.
(...The Divine Ritual Institute's True Sanctuary, I guess?)
He did not know why, but from the way it looked, he really had been transferred to Ragna Ys.
"Do Claire and the others know the situation already?"
Kamito asked the Queen in front of him.
"No. Everyone will be notified together later. Kamito-san, you were all transferred here at virtually the same time, but because your injuries were too severe, you were moved here to rest and undergo simple treatment."
"I see..."
...Indeed, his body's pain had subsided substantially. Oh well, it was just the pain that had disappeared. In actual fact, he was probably still covered in wounds.
"Uh, my body is supposed to be the type that deflects holy-attribute magic—"
"Yes, I have already heard that from Fianna-senpai—no, Fianna-sama. Hence, uh, that method was used."
For some reason, Reicha's face went red with embarrassment.
"Th-That method... What method is that!?"
"U-Uh, for me to say it, really would be... Fianna-senpai was very proactive..."
"..."
Kamito resolutely pretended he heard nothing and shut up.
When they reached the door at the end of the colonnade, Reicha stopped. Pushing the door open, Kamito saw a spacious room as large as the garden earlier.
Very likely, this was prepared for VIP guests. There was a wooden table in the center where all the young ladies were seated.
"Ah, Kamito, you finally woke up."
Claire spoke up as soon as she spotted Kamito. She had changed out of her Darkness Queen ritual attire and back into her usual uniform with her twintail hairstyle.
"Kamito-kun? Are you okay? Does your body still hurt?"
"...Y-Yeah."
Kamito nodded. Sitting down beside Fianna, he asked quietly:
"Fianna, could it be... You actually did that in front of everyone?"
"Fufu♪, Reicha and the other's faces were all flushed bright red."
Fianna smiled mischievously.
"Relax. Claire and the rest did not see it."
"I-I can't believe you..."
"Hmm, what are you two whispering about?"
Sitting opposite to them, Ellis stared at them suspiciously.
"Oh, no, nothing."
Kamito frantically tried to brush the matter aside. Then with a serious face, he looked towards Reicha.
"..Uh, you can explain now, right? The reason why we were transferred here."
"Yes. It's quite hard to accept why we were suddenly transferred here."
"Since everyone has gathered, please do explain."
"Very well."
Faced with Claire and the other's queries, the princess maiden nodded lightly.
"Team Scarlet, representing the Ordesia Empire, you have obtained victory in the Blade Dance."
Smiling radiantly, she made the announcement.
"...Victory... Us?"
The first to break the silence was Claire again.
"What happened?" "How did this transpire?"
Ellis and Rinslet voiced their queries in succession.
Kamito was equally puzzled.
The Blade Dance's final round, Cross Fire was scheduled for three days.
Only two days had elapsed since Kamito's group was transferred to the abandoned city. No matter how you counted it, there were at least ten-odd hours remaining.
However, Reicha spoke calmly.
"It is not surprising that you would find this puzzling. However, the Elemental Lords have issued this decree through us Queens: Team Scarlet's blade dancing has brought them great joy and satisfied them."
"The result was decided by the Elemental Lords?"
"Yes. The Blade Dance is the supreme ritual for making offerings to the elemental lords. Hence, ultimately, everything is decided by the Elemental Lords."
"Yeah, that's true, but..."
Kamito muttered, his face displaying his reluctance to accept.
"Furthermore, based on the battle results, Team Scarlet's victory is indisputable. Apart from all members surviving, even the number of magic stones obtained is overwhelming. Even with ten-odd hours remaining, one would not expect the result to change."
"...Magic stones, did we really get that many of them?"
Kamito took out from his breast pocket the magic stones he had obtained.
The crimson spirit crystals, carved with the crests of various countries, numbered five in total.
The Sacred Spirit Knights' vice-captain, Alda Reed. The Knights of the Dragon Emperor's tyrant dragon spirit user, Reglisse Roa. Muir Alenstarl. Leonora Lancaster. Finally, there was Team Inferno's leader, the self-styled Strongest Blade Dancer, Rubia Elstein.
Multiple ace-class and commanding officer-level elementalists from various countries had been defeated.
In terms of results in the team battle, this was overwhelming indeed.
"I defeated one. The Sacred Spirit Knights' special operative."
Next, it was Claire's turn to take out a magic stone and placed it on the table.
"Special Operative Ayla Cedar. A shadow spirit user."
"That makes six... Right?"
"Meow, meow..."
"Hmm, what's the matter, Scarlet?"
Under the table, the hell cat spirit seemed to be mewing desperately, trying to say something.
Puzzled, Claire picked her up in her arms. Scarlet stuck her tongue out.
Another two magic stones rolled on the table.
Carved on each of their surfaces was the crest of the Sacred Spirit Knights.
"Scarlet, these, how did you get them!?"
Claire stared eye-wide in surprise. Apparently, she did not know what happened.
Reicha picked up the two magic stones and said:
"This one belongs to the Sacred Spirit Knights' Lansa Kairod-sama, while the other belongs to their captain, Luminaris Saint Leisched-sama."
"...Eh?"
"You defeated that Luminaris!?"
This time it was Kamito's turn to be shocked.
Luminaris the Paladin. Three years ago, she was Ren Ashbell's blade dance opponent in the finals. For the current festival, she was also one of the top candidates for victory along with Leonora.
"Uh, umm..."
Claire made a troubled expression and stammered.
"I've released Scarlet's true name. Kamito's darkness spirit knew this child's true name, then... I lost consciousness in the middle of it and can't remember much, but it seems like the power that had lain dormant for centuries was released all at once..."
(So she is the one who defeated Luminaris...)
Kamito stared intently at Scarlet in Claire's embrace.
The Scarlet Valkyrie—Ortlinde.
Despite looking like a cute hell cat, her true form was a high-level spirit who looked like an adorable young girl.
"Meow?"
The hell cat tilted her head in puzzlement.
Recalling the cat-eared girl's nude body, Kamito could not help but blush.
"In other words—"
At this moment, Ellis gazed at the magic stones on the table and murmured.
"Team Scarlet has defeated the commanders of the three other teams participating in the finals."
"Indeed. Precisely. As a further note, the Knights of the Dragon Emperor's vice-captain, Yuri El Cid lost to the Strongest Blade Dancer while Team Inferno's Lily Flame was defeated by Leonora Lancaster."
"May I ask, what happened to the Theocracy's witch—Sjora Kahn?"
(...Rinslet?)
Her helpless expression gave Kamito an instant sense of dissonance—
"Team Inferno's Sjora Kahn destroyed her own magic stone and retired."
"...Uh?"
Everyone looked at one another.
(...Forfeited? That witch?)
Judging from her personality, it was difficult to imagine her admitting defeat.
Was there some hidden story, or perhaps—
(...That witch, what was she actually planning?)
According to Fianna, one part of Rubia's plan—regarding the Darkness Queen—was known to some extent, but—
"—Hence, currently, as already explained, the other countries' commanders and ace-class participants were essentially all retired from the stage. Team Scarlet is the only team that survived intact. At the point in time when you were all transferred, the Knights of the Dragon Emperor and the Sacred Spirit Knights respectively had two and one survivor. However, the elemental lords decided there was no need to continue the blade dance."
The Fire Queen explained calmly.
"—I... see."
Kamito stopped thinking briefly—
Then he exhaled.
"Victory huh... Us."
"Yeah... Seems like it."
Claire answered in shock.
...Somehow it doesn't feel real at all.
Meeting Claire by the side of the lake. Establishing a contract with Est. A decisive match against the Sylphid Knights led by Ellis. Adding Fianna as a teammate and the battle against Jio Inzagi. Defeating Velsaria in the school ranking battle. The tough struggle during the Tempest. Also during the Cross Fire—Settling things with Rubia Elstein.
After entering Areishia Spirit Academy under Greyworth's guidance, all sorts of things had happened.
Everything was for the sake of victory at the Blade Dance.
"We finally reached this point..."
Tears appeared in Claire's clear eyes.
"Claire..."
Kamito placed his hand on her head.
(...It's this girl who gathered us all together.)
Before encountering Kamito—
She had always fought alone.
Wiping her tears with the sleeve of her uniform, Claire stared at Kamito with her reddened eyes.
"I-I wasn't crying, okay!"
"Don't force yourself. Cry if you want to cry."
"I-I already said I wasn't, so annoying..."
She puffed her cheeks in a sulking manner and hammered her fists against Kamito's chest.
The young ladies in the team all gazed at Claire's behavior with gentle eyes.
"Claire, thank you. You're the one who brought us here."
"Thanks to this, that'll show those people in the imperialist faction."
"Y-Yes... Everyone, thank you..."
Habitually lacking in forthrightness, Claire uttered words of thanks for once as she wiped her eyes.
"—Congratulations, everyone."
Reicha offered warm words of blessing.
"Ragna Ys has released news of Team Scarlet's victory. In particular, Kamito-san's defeat of the Strongest Blade Dancer, Ren Ashbell, has become the topic of interest."
"...!"
Just at this moment—
Kamito realized something important.
(...This is bad.)
In theory, the proceedings of the Blade Dance were observed by the spirits sent out by the Divine Ritual Institute and should have been projected to various places on Ragna Ys. In that case, inevitably, her battle with Kamito would be seen by large numbers of people.
In other words, the true identity of the unmasked Strongest Blade Dancer would also—
Probably having predicted that kind of reaction from Kamito, Reicha resumed a serious expression and spoke:
"...Kamito-sama, you are worrying about Rubia-sama, right?"
"Y-Yeah."
Claire and the girls also reacted and turned towards Reicha.
"Please rest assured. The Divine Ritual Institute's spirits were unable to approach the blade dance that took place amidst the intensely burning flames. The images recorded from afar were also, uh... According to the supreme council's judgment, publicizing her true identity will cause a massive uproar, hence they have issued orders for corrections. Regarding the true identity of the Strongest Blade Dancer being the Calamity Queen who had brought disaster to the continent in the past, only a small number of people including us Queens are privy to that fact."
"...I see."
Kamito secretly breathed a sigh of relief.
Since the spirits were unable to get close, then even if Rubia's true face was seen, her dialogue with Kamito probably was not overheard. Also what she said about the Elemental Lords going mad, the Demon King's power residing in Kamito's body, and other things—
"Nee-sama—"
At this moment, Claire spoke up.
"Where is Nee-sama now?"
"...!"
—Right. Rubia Elstein had abandoned her magic stone and was transferred.
Then she should have returned to Ragna Ys as well.
"Well—"
The Queen bowed her head.
"Including Rubia-sama, none of Team Inferno's members were transferred to the designated location—the return point that was set in the magic stones."
"...Huh?"
"What happened?"
"Very likely, the magic in the magic stones was overwritten. Those magic stones all received magic that was injected by us Queens. Although ordinary elementalists probably cannot manage it, if it were Rubia-sama who was once renowned as the continent's premier princess maiden, it is possible—"
"In other words, they set a new transfer location..."
Kamito was suddenly struck by the thought of Muir who had disappeared without saying a word.
Living in darkness, did she have a place to return to?
"What is the Divine Ritual Institute's decision on Rubia-sama?"
Fianna asked.
"I believe the Divine Ritual Institute will not send out pursuers directly. However, the Ordesia Empire's cadre might have received news already."
"...How did that..."
Claire bit her lip.
The Calamity Queen was the great sinner who had brought immeasurable loss to the Empire. Once her location was found, the Empire was sure to hunt her down.
Once the elite Numbers were sent to execute the arrest mission, would Rubia have any way of escaping, having lost the Sacred Maiden's power?
"Nee-sama..."
Faced with Claire's worried murmurs, Kamito whispered softly.
"Don't worry. This Ragna Ys has countless secret subterranean passages. Surely she must have prepared her escape beforehand."
"Th-That's true..."
Claire nodded—
Suddenly, she collapsed towards Kamito as though suddenly struck with dizziness.
"Claire, are you okay!?"
"W-What happened?"
"...Y-Yeah, it's okay. I'm just... a bit tired."
"...After all, so much happened."
Not much time had passed since Rubia had imprisoned her to become the Darkness Queen. Mentally, she must have accumulated a lot of fatigue.
Once her tense state of mind relaxed, the fatigue surged all at once.
"Sleeping quarters have been prepared at the shrine. Please have a good rest."
"I am very grateful for your kind offer. But before that, I would like to undergo a ritual purification. If possible, a bath would be good."
"Very well. A hot water bath, right?"
Reicha answered Fianna in a relaxed tone of voice.
"I'll go rest too."
Kamito suddenly felt sleepy. Despite the princess maidens' treatment, those were merely superficial measures to close up his wounds. His physical fatigue was reaching a limit.
"So, let's all go together, Kamito-kun. I'll help you scrub your back."
"...Okay. No wait! I-I'm going to sleep!"
"Fufu, just joking♪"
"Hmm, is that so... I-I would not mind too much, actually..."
Ellis awkwardly twiddled her fingers.
"Claire, you come for a bath too."
"Uwah, s-stop it, pervert princess!"
Accompanied by a noisy racket, the young ladies left the room together.
Kamito shrugged and prepared to leave as well.
"A-Ah, uh, Ren Ashbell-sama—"
Reicha stopped him.
"...!"
Hearing her say that name, Kamito held his breath.
Her gaze rested on Kamito's left hand.
(...R-Right!)
During the blade dance with Rubia, Kamito had used the Vorpal Sword and the seal of darkness had appeared on that hand. Anyone who saw it would quickly deduce his identity.
While Kamito was speechless...
"Oh, p-please rest assured. Those images, together with Rubia-sama's true face were all edited on this side. Because in a certain sense, your true identity will cause an even greater commotion than Rubia-sama's."
"I-I see..."
Kamito mentally breathed a sigh of relief.
"But the princess maidens at the Divine Ritual Institute should have found out already."
"No, editing the seal was my sole and arbitrary decision. Hence, most likely, I am the only one among the Queens who knows of this."
"Eh?"
"Although the demon sword of darkness was too difficult to hide, Kamito-sama, you were using dual swords. And that demon sword with the darkness attribute was also used by that Nepenthes Lore monster. Besides, no one could possibly connect your current appearance with Ren Ashbell... Oh, excuse me, I had no intention of insinuating—"
"Oh, no... That doesn't matter."
Kamito scratched the back of his head as he shifted his gaze away.
Suddenly, a question popped up in his mind.
"Your 'arbitrary decision'?"
"Yes. Last time when you two visited the shrine, Fianna-senpai made a request, hoping I could hide the fact if the seal on Kamito-sama's left hand ever appeared."
(Was that when I was unconscious...?)
"That princess really misses nothing."
Kamito smiled wryly.
As much as she would deny it, Fianna really did seem to possess the wisdom of royalty.
"...That's a great help. If possible, I hope you can keep my true identity a secret."
"Y-Yes..."
The Fire Queen nodded politely then—
"E-Excuse me..."
"Hmm?"
"At the time, what did Rubia-sama say?"
"..."
Should he tell this young girl? Kamito agonized over it for a while—
"What's your opinion on the Elemental Lords?"
Finally, that was what he said.
"...Eh?"
"Regarding the fact of the Elemental Lords ruling over the world."
"Everything goes according to the divine wishes of the elemental lords. That is what we were taught."
Reicha stared Kamito straight in the eye and answered thus.
"That's... true."
That was the consensus shared by the Divine Ritual Institute's princess maidens.
Kamito recalled the words that Rubia left behind.
—You can confirm the truth with your own eyes.
"For the continent's future—That was what she said."
"For the continent's future..."
Reicha displayed a puzzled expression as she murmured.
After entering the prepared sleeping quarters, Kamito fell on the bed.
Feeling as though his entire body would sink into the bed, it was a very comfortable sensation.
Having slept on hard ground throughout the final round, Kamito found the current sense of comfort quite touching.
"...It's over."
Looking up at the marble ceiling, Kamito spaced out as he muttered to himself.
The Blade Dance had drawn to a close with the best possible result—His team's victory.
Despite his concerns about Sjora Kahn's whereabouts, what Rubia had said regarding the Elemental Lords, etc, Kamito's greatest personal goal was already accomplished.
Kamito placed the two swords in his hands lightly onto the bed.
Yes, the purpose of entering this Blade Dance was to take her back personally.
His hand stroked the Restia's blade that reflected no light at all.
As though she would disappear off to somewhere again if he did not do so—
(Restia...)
Enticed by a sense of sleepiness, Kamito's consciousness gradually drifted off to deep slumber.
—As promised, Kamito.
At this moment, he seemed to be hearing a tiny voice from the distance.
Like soft feathers, a comfortable voice was tickling his ears.

—Let me tell you about the truth three years ago.

Kamito opened his eyes—
Only to find himself in a space enclosed by walls of stone.
(This place is...?)
After one revolution of looking at the surroundings, he suddenly noticed.
He had recollections of this place.
(...Could this be the Elemental Lords' sanctuary!?)
Kamito suddenly gasped. The flames flickered slightly on the candlesticks on the wall.
Before his eyes, a door stood open, leading to a long passage whose end was nowhere in sight.
It was the endless corridor that led to the True Sanctuary. Let alone ordinary princess maidens, even the continent's five Queens were forbidden from stepping inside.
The only exception was—
(...The Blade Dance's winner, right?)
Muttering to himself in his mind, Kamito looked down to check out his appearance.
Gorgeous, waist-length black hair. A foreign dress with a fairly long hem, resembling ritual attire. His left hand was holding a dark and sleek longsword.
This appearance belonged to the Strongest Blade Dancer three years ago—Ren Ashbell.
(...A dream. Furthermore, it's the memories of three years ago.)
These were the memories he could not recall no matter how hard he tried.
(...In other words, I will proceed to—)
The sound of a door slowly opening behind him could be heard.
Turning his head back, he saw four princess maidens emerge, dressed in top ritual attire.
Naturally, those appearing here could not possibly be ordinary princess maidens.
They stood at the pinnacle of all princess maidens. Four Queens.
Back then, Rubia's successor had not been decided yet. Hence, the Fire Queen's position was still vacant.
The Queens bowed respectfully towards Kamito who was the winner. Then one of them took a step forward.
She was slightly older than Kamito. On her neck was a necklace weaved from silver threads. Kamito recalled that silver symbolized the Queen serving the Holy Lord.
"Ren Ashbell—"
At this moment, the girl spoke.
"Have you already decided on the Wish to ask of the Elemental Lords?"
"—Yes."
Ren Ashbell answered in a clear and pure voice.
Back then, Kamito's voice had not changed yet. Although Greyworth had reminded him to avoid speaking too much, he was still able to maintain a girl's voice if it were merely two or three sentences.
"—Is that so? Very well."
The Queen nodded and smiled.
Kamito had expected the possibility of being asked about his Wish's content and therefore thought up a different answer. However, that seemed to be unnecessary worrying after all.
(Right. The me back then—)
Did not have a Wish to fulfill.
The blade dancing that Kamito exhibited in the Blade Dance had greatly satisfied the Fire Elemental Lord. The anger incited by the Calamity Queen's betrayal was hence appeased.
This already counted as returning Greyworth's favor. The witch had made Kamito participate in the Blade Dance because she wanted to appease the Elemental Lord's anger towards the Ordesia Empire through Kamito's blade dance.
Greyworth did not hide this motive deliberately. Also, she did not say anything regarding Kamito's own Wish.
However, she had warned that a Wish beyond one's means will lead to one's own demise.
The miracle of the Elemental Lords was not of this world.
Hence, the greater the Wish, the higher the price demanded.
Rumors often circulated about the elemental lords' miracle being able to grant all Wishes but never mentioned anything about a price. However, the Dusk Witch was the Blade Dance victor twenty-four years earlier after all. Her words naturally carried weight.
In any case, Kamito did not have any Wish motivated by self-interest at all.
From the beginning, he had entered this Blade Dance only to fulfill her Wish.
However, Restia had not told him her Wish yet.
She simply repeated that she would naturally tell him when the time came—
Hence, he finally arrived at this juncture.
Gripped in his left hand, the Vorpal Sword still remained silent.
"—Well then, please follow this endless corridor and keep going straight forward."
The Queen pointed to the other side of the door.
"The path onwards is a special place separated from normal space. Along the way, the corridor will have passages branching off to the side but absolutely do not step foot into them. In the past, a number of Blade Dance victors have vanished into the dimensional gap."
"...Got it."
Ren Ashbell gulped, nodded and stepped into the corridor that stretched ahead endlessly.
(...Not... good—Ahead of here...)
He felt a splitting headache. An ominous premonition.
Kamito knew clearly what the future result lay ahead.
(...No! If you continue forward, you will lose Restia—)
However, Kamito's consciousness could not interfere with Ren Ashbell.
This dream was simply reenacting memories of reality that had already happened.
"What an incredible space..."
Walking along the dimly lit corridor, the Kamito from three years ago muttered.
—Your hand is shaking, Kamito.
A girl's adorable voice sounded in his mind.
Kamito stopped walking and stared with displeasure at the demon sword of darkness in his hand.
"...Why didn't you speak earlier?"
—Sorry. Who knows if we might be monitored in the shrine, so there was no way to talk secretly. Furthermore, the Empire's intelligence agency is also investigating you.
"Couldn't you just speak in my mind like now?"
—Among high-ranking princess maidens, there exist those who can listen to mental speech. Do not be careless. On that point, this space is completely isolated from the outside world and is perfectly suited to secret conversations.
The demon sword of darkness dissipated into the air as particles of light.
Fluttering black feathers obscured Kamito's view as the adorable maiden in the pitch-black dress appeared.
"Stop sulking, Kamito. Next, let me tell you my Wish."
Restia smiled and drew her face close to Kamito's ear.
—I hope you can assassinate them. The five Elemental Lords.
(...!?)
His consciousness suddenly went dark in the dream.
In the next instant, Kamito found himself standing before a huge set of ornate gates.
This was the door at the deepest point—The door to the True Sanctuary where even Queens were forbidden from entering.
"...Seriously, can that actually be done?"
Kamito kept repeating the same question to Restia who had turned back into the demon sword's form.
Assassinating the elemental lords.
The reason was not clear why she would want that to happen, being a spirit herself.
(However...)
She said it. It was for saving the world.
This was the only way to return the world to normal.
(...Well then, I'll just have to realize her wish.)
Because to Kamito, she was the meaning of life itself.
—Don't worry. You are the strongest warrior, Kamito.
As though pushed by that voice, Kamito went up to the gate.
"I will do it. So long as it's Restia's wish."
—Thank you, Kamito.
The conversation ended there.
Kamito silently gripped the hilt of the Vorpal Sword.
After he touched the gate's surface with one hand, the heavy gates slowly opened.
Appearing before his eyes was a massive stone staircase.
At the top were five dazzling lights.
"...!"
Kamito breathed in and took a step forward.
In this manner, he gradually climbed up—
Assassinating all the elemental lords straight away on the spot was impossible.
But killing at least one of them would be enough—That was what Restia had said.
(...The assassination target is the Holy Lord Alexandros who wields the greatest influence over the human realm.)
While walking, he looked up at the top of the steps.
(The Holy Lord's throne is over there, huh...)
Kamito stepped onto an intermediate landing. Suddenly...
—Your blade dance this time was outstanding.
As though shaking the space, the voice echoed in the giant hall.
"...!?"
Kamito stopped walking.
(This won't be easy, huh...)
He was too far from the target's position. This distance was not ideal for assassination.
However, if he continued to walk forward, surely he would be punished.
Placing the Vorpal Sword on the floor, Kamito knelt down on the spot.
—We can grant one Wish through a miracle to reward you for your blade dance.
—You, what would you request of us?
"I—"
Feeling as though his heart was being gripped tightly, Kamito whispered.
There was only one chance. If he failed, there was nothing but death waiting for him.
(...Is it really possible to kill them?)
Once again, he asked in his heart.
She did not reply. The sword's dark blade seemed to reflect Kamito's own heart.
"My wish... is—"
Keeping his head bowed—
"—The death of the elemental lords."
Kamito spoke the Wish she had entrusted to him.
While speaking, Kamito began to sprint.
Without thinking over unnecessary things, he closed the distance in one breath.
(—I am the weapon born for destruction.)
This was his mental switch, instilled in his body's memory through the teachings of the Instructional School.
In that instant, the Strongest Blade Dancer turned into a cold-blooded assassin.
(—O lost darkness, residing in my hand, turn into my strength!)
Infusing divine power into the Vorpal Sword—the elemental waffe that had defeated numerous enemies—he drew his sword.
Hit and run. He would use the demon sword of darkness to pierce the elemental lord and then pull it out and withdraw as quickly as he could.
While calmly deciding on the sequence, Kamito rushed up the steps.
The Elemental Lords did not show any visible reaction. Originally, Kamito's body was supposed to be destroyed the instant he stepped beyond the landing.
It was as Restia described.
The miracle employed by the Elemental Lords was a power that did not come from the elemental lords' own abilities. Hence, the miracle would fulfill the Wish as much as possible.
It was akin to some kind of system. That was what she had told Kamito.
A miraculous power that even the rulers of this world, the Elemental Lords, could not control.
At the same time, this power would bind the Elemental Lords, the executors of the miracle.
Historically, this was an unprecedented Wish.
Seeking to bring about the death of the elemental lords.
(—But that will last but for an instant.)
The elemental lords' death was an irregular Wish.
The miracle's power was not going to destroy the elemental lords who served as its executors.
Very likely, the miracle would be interrupted once it judged Kamito's Wish to be invalid.
He was still a few more steps away from the Elemental Lords' thrones.
However, those few steps could easily be mistaken for an infinite distance.
Death followed closely like a shadow. If he did not make it in time, both Kamito and Restia were going to be annihilated.
(Two more steps—)
Kamito ran as he judged the distance visually.
The target for elimination was the Holy Lord. Kamito charged towards the central throne all at once—
—But just at that moment.
"...!?"
A sense of dissonance grew.
Approaching this close, only now did Kamito noticed for the first time.
Brimming with dazzling light, the central throne.
What should exist on top of it—
Did not exist.
(—How could this be possible?)
Kamito yelled in his heart.
Why was the central throne empty where the Holy Lord should be?
—Kamito, the situation is abnormal!
Restia's voice sounded in his mind. The situation was apparently beyond her expectation.
However, the assassination could not be stopped—
Withdrawing now meant only death.
"Ohhhhhhhhh!"
Kamito infused divine power into the Vorpal Sword.
Darkness erupted from the demon sword's blade and sliced light apart.
Kamito instantly switched targets and swung the demon sword towards the throne next to that of the Holy Lord's.
Towards the throne of the Water Elemental Lord—Iseria Seaward.
A sword strike with godlike speed pierced the shining light on the throne.
(...Killed!?)
His arm felt a definite hit. However—
"...!"
Kamito widened his eyes in surprise.
Amidst the dazzling light was—
A young girl, completely nude, with hair the color of shimmering water.
(...This is—an Elemental Lord?)
Stabbed into the girl's chest, the demon sword of darkness was exuding astounding miasma.
Then—
—Thank you. With this, I am finally liberated.
Opening her eyes slightly, the girl murmured.
(...Liberated? What's going on—)
Just as this question rose up in Kamito's mind...
—No good, Kamito! Hurry and leave!
Restia's screams echoed in his mind.
(...Uh?)
In the next instant, amidst the light where his sword was embedded, a great amount of darkness spewed out.
"...What...!?"
The overflowing darkness instantly swallowed Restia and Kamito.
His view became black. The sticky darkness entangled his entire body, gradually pulling Kamito's body into the abyss.
(...This... This ominous darkness, is it the true form of the elemental lords—?)
At this moment, Kamito noticed.
The sword that should be held in his left hand had suddenly vanished.
Most likely, he had loosened his grip when swallowed by the darkness.
(Restia... Where are you, Restia...!)
In the bottomless darkness, Kamito yelled.
However, despite his will to resist, Kamito's consciousness was gradually being devoured by darkness.
—Kamito, sorry... I—
"...Restia!"
Inside the mud-like darkness—
Kamito finally found signs of the sinking demon sword.
"Wait up, I'll save you right now..."
Just as he reached out towards the darkness...
Kamito suddenly noticed.
(...!)
The center of the vortex in the abyss that was swallowing Restia, over there was—
—Something.
Instinctive fear dominated his entire body.
Easily surpassing a human's mental strength, this fear was carved in the body of flesh.
At the bottom of the abyss.
—An existence beyond this world was writhing restlessly.
(...What...? What, that's...!)
Restia kept sinking towards the center of the abyss.
Desperately reaching out, his fingers still could not reach.
—Kamito, can you hear me? Kamito...!
"I'm here, Restia!"
Her voice gradually grew distant.
Kamito kept sweeping the sticky mud of darkness aside as he advanced.
—The promise back then, do you still remember?
"...Promise?"
The demon sword of darkness turned and drew a complicated pattern in the space.
Kamito frowned—He quickly realized her intentions.
A magic circle. She was preparing to invoke spirit magic while in the demon sword's form.
"Restia, you're going to..."
As soon as he touched the magic circle, Kamito's arm immediately turned into particles of light and disappeared.
(...This is transfer magic!?)
Restia was planning to transfer Kamito to somewhere else.
"No, Restia! I-I must stay with you together forever, Restia—"
—Listen, Kamito.
However, Restia began to speak in a calm voice.
Had she given up already—?
(...No! Restia intends to make a request to me!)
Kamito's entire body was enveloped in the glow of the transfer magic and was gradually disappearing.
Under these conditions, her voice continued to be heard.
—Kamito, if one day I should become no longer myself...
—Kill me.
"Restiaaaaaaaa—!"
"...!?"
Amidst his sinking consciousness—
Kamito woke to a start.
"Huff, huff, huff..."
Breathing irregularly, he was also breaking out in cold sweat all over.
"Restia..."
"I'm here, Kamito."
Her voice came from above.
Clear and pure, a comforting voice.
Inclining his head to look up, Kamito found her deep dusk-colored eyes gazing quietly at him from above.
"...Restia!"
"Kyah!"
Kamito immediately lifted his body as though trying to jump up, causing the girl in the dark dress to emit an adorable scream.
"Seriously, don't scare people, Kamito."
"...S-Sorry."
Kamito stared intently at Restia before him.
Gorgeous black hair. Lustrous wings of pitch black.
Yes, this was no dream.
The contracted spirit girl whom he had lost three years ago was now returned to Kamito's side.
Through the spirit seal on his left hand, he could sense Restia's presence.
That filled him with incomparable joy.
...Just at this moment, Kamito realized.
She was sitting here, which meant that—
Kamito had been lying down, using her lap as a pillow.
"...Uh, you've been providing me with a lap pillow all this time?"
"Yes."
Restia nodded.
"Didn't we do this often in the past?"
"C-Come on, you..."
Kamito's face turned red and he could not help but turn his gaze away. Childhood aside, he felt quite embarrassed to be enjoying someone's lap pillow even after growing up.
Seeing Kamito's reaction, Restia chuckled and smiled.
"...My apologies. I made you see something frightening."
She gently caressed Kamito's head.
Her fingers sliding through his hair was a nostalgic feeling, causing Kamito to be speechless for a moment.
Finally—
"...The dream just now... You?"
Kamito asked.
"—Yes. Those were the lost memories of three years ago."
Adjusting her disarranged skirt hem, she nodded.
Kamito recalled the dream just now with a suffering mood.
The lost memories. The experiences of that day that he could not recall no matter what.
The truth of the elemental lord assassination.
Yes. Those were indeed Kamito's own memories.
"...On that day, I failed. The elemental lord assassination you hoped for."
In terms of results, Restia was swallowed by that mass of darkness and separated from Kamito.
Then engulfed by the same darkness, Kamito had awoken in the forest on the Empire's borders.
Having lost his memories of that day, inside the elemental lords' sanctuary—
"..."
After a long awaited reunion after three years, he had countless things to ask her.
Hence he was at a loss where to begin—
"Restia, you, who are you actually?"
Finally, he spoke.
"I am Restia Ashdoll. The guide tasked with the mission of awakening the Demon King."
Gazing directly into Kamito's eyes, the darkness spirit girl answered.
"...Restia Ashdoll. Is that your true name?"
"Yes, because I was born from the Darkness Elemental Lord, Ren Ashdoll, an existence akin to an alter ego."
"...Ren Ashdoll, huh."
Kamito repeated apprehensively.
"...I don't get it. Why would that guy's power be dormant in a human like me?"
"—That goes back thousands of years."
Restia sighed—
Then as though reminiscing, she closed her dusk-colored eyes.
"After losing the war against the five elemental lords, the Darkness Elemental Lord, Ren Ashdoll, during the last instant of his life, invoked magic to reincarnate his power into a human male. This was for the sake of retrieving his power one day to exterminate the five elemental lords. That's Kamito—You."
"Why choose a human male?"
"Spirits cannot become vessels for other spirits—The same way that powerful spirits cannot make use of elemental waffen. Even an elemental lord is no exception. Ren Ashdoll predicted that the human race was going to start thriving in the future and gradually become able to command spirits. In that case, they were the most suited as a vessel for reincarnating his power."
That said, this is only my speculation—Restia added.
"Reincarnating in a male might possibly be for the sake of deceiving the eyes of the humans who obey the elemental lords. This is because it is a commonly believed rule that only pure maidens are able to commune with the elemental lords."
"...Making so much trouble for me."
An inborn power to become an elementalist.
Only because of that power, Kamito was taken to that insane facility.
That said—
"...Thanks to that, I also met you, Restia."
Casting his gaze on his left hand's spirit seal, Kamito muttered softly.
Restia smiled lightly and continued:
"As for me, I shoulder the mission of guiding those who inherit the Demon King's power, the will of the Darkness Elemental Lord, Ren Ashdoll. Over millennia of human history, quite a number of humans appeared who had inherited the Demon King's power. However, virtually all of their lives ended before they could encounter me. Or like the legendary Demon King Solomon, they would awaken in an irregular manner, devoured by the power they could not control, thereby turning into a concentrated cluster of resentment."
"Are you referring to that Nepenthes Lore monster?"
"Yes. That was a portion of the lingering Demon King's power, given form through forbidden magic."
"...I get it now, yeah."
Restia was the spirit born to guide those who inherited the Demon King's power. Hence, that was why she executed the will of the Darkness Elemental Lord, Ren Ashdoll, to use Kamito to destroy his enemies, the Five Great Elemental Lords.
Kamito could understand up to this point, however—
(...Obeying Ren Ashdoll to seek revenge on the Elemental Lords. Is that really the goal?)
...Something didn't feel right somewhere.
"That mass of darkness was—"
Kamito asked.
"What exactly was the mass of darkness that swallowed us?"
The pitch-black Wish overflowing from the throne of the Elemental Lords.
Was that the true appearance of the Elemental Lords who ruled the world—?
"—That is something beyond this world."
"Rubia used the same description. Is that some kind of metaphor?"
"No. It's literally as the words say, a substance belonging neither to Astral Zero or the human realm. An existence that came from another world."
"In other words, an unknown existence?"
"...I can't deny that. However—"
Restia paused and looked into Kamito's eyes.
"Undoubtedly, it caused the Elemental Lords to go mad."
...Kamito fell silent. He recalled what Rubia had said.
She said that the Elemental Lords were mad—
"Restia, at the time, you—"
Kamito licked his parched lips.
"...were planning to save the world?"
"In terms of results—Yes, that was supposed to happen."
—Three years ago on that day, Restia mentioned saving the world.
For that, it was necessary to assassinate the Five Great Elemental Lords.
But back then, the elemental lord assassination failed and Restia was swallowed by darkness.
"On that day, I was contaminated by the darkness from another world. But more disastrously, through me as a medium, Ren Ashdoll's will was contaminated."
"...So something like that happened."
During the Blade Dance's final round, Kamito had heard a voice calling the Demon King to awaken.
That voice was not Restia's.
It was the voice of the Darkness Elemental Lord—Ren Ashdoll.
"Ren Ashdoll's will intended to completely liberate that darkness using the Demon King's power dormant in your body. The darkness that leads the world towards destruction—"
"You intended to exterminate the elemental lords, destroying that darkness at the same time?"
"No, I had no intention of exterminating the elemental lords."
Restia gripped her skirt hem tightly.
"Three years ago, what you killed was the Elemental Lord's insane personality. The Elemental Lord's original consciousness had not been completely contaminated and continued to linger in that darkness."
"...I see. That Water Elemental Lord was like that."
Piercing the elemental lord's throne with the Vorpal Sword, Kamito had seen the young girl's figure.
Iseria Seaward.
The girl spirit was sealed underground in the abandoned city.
Speculating from the current conversation, she was probably the Water Elemental Lord's consciousness that had split off—
"The plan three years ago was to use the Demon King's power to liberate the Elemental Lords' personalities that had not been contaminated yet."
"But I failed—"
In terms of results, he had successfully freed the Water Elemental Lord, but in turn, Ren Ashdoll's consciousness, sealed inside Restia, was contaminated.
"By separating from the Darkness Elemental Lord's will, I was able to escape contamination. I hoped to awaken you, Kamito, as the Demon King before Ren Ashdoll awakened inside me. And this time, it was for releasing the elemental lords from that darkness—something beyond this world."
For this purpose, Restia had formed an alliance with Rubia Elstein.
But even though their plans were aligned for awakening Kamito as the Demon King, their final goals were completely different. Restia's goal was to liberate the true elemental lords. On the other hand, Rubia's goal was exterminating the elemental lords.
Rubia firmly believed in exterminating the insane Elemental Lords. However, once the elemental lords were destroyed, Astral Zero would lose all order, thus bringing calamity to the human realm.
All along, Restia had advocated liberating the elemental lords but Rubia did not accept the words of Restia who carried Ren Ashdoll's will.
"—That said, it's impossible to assert that her method is wrong. The liberation of the elemental lords has already failed once. Furthermore—"
"Ren Ashdoll had awakened before I awakened as the Demon King."
"Yes. Although the Darkness Queen was there to suppress it at the time, who knows when Ren Ashdoll's contaminated will is going to reawaken again—"
"In other words..."
Kamito fell silent to organize his thoughts.
Three years ago, in order to rescue the Elemental Lords who were contaminated by the unidentified darkness, Restia made plans to assassinate the elemental lords.
However, the plan failed. Even though the consciousness of the Water Elemental Lord was successfully rescued, Restia and Ren Ashdoll's consciousness ended up contaminated.
The contaminated will of Ren Ashdoll attempted to use the Demon King's power to summon that darkness to the world on this side. Finding out about that, Restia planned to awaken Kamito first before Ren Ashdoll could fully awaken, in order to make another attempt at liberating the consciousness of the Elemental Lords—
Kamito looked up.
"...What on earth should I do now?"
He clenched his fists tightly.
Just as Restia said, the Demon King's power still existed inside Kamito.
Ren Ashdoll's contaminated will could resonate with the Demon King's power and dominate Kamito again.
"This is decided by your own will, Kamito."
Restia held Kamito's hand lightly.
"I have already told you everything. Next, all you need to do is make a decision."
"I..."
"No matter what decision you make, I will stay with you."
"Restia..."
By the time he noticed—
Her sad dusk-colored eyes were already right in front of him.
"...!?"
Her gorgeous lips breathed out softly, tickling his face lightly.
Her mischievous smile was causing his heart to race—
"—What are you doing, Kamito?"
Suddenly.
A voice was heard, as cold as a sword's blade.
"...E-Est!?"
Kamito frantically jumped up from bed.
Without him noticing, the sword spirit was on the bed, completely nude except for kneesocks.
Her cold gaze stared straight at Kamito.
"...Kamito, what were you doing with the darkness spirit over there?"
Her face was expressionless as usual.
However, Kamito knew.
...She was angry. Est was very angry.
"E-Est, calm down..."
As Kamito tried to appease her, Restia interrupted.
"Oh dear, do you have any objections, Miss Sacred Sword?"
Restia smiled tenderly.
She withstood Est's freezing gaze head on.
"Darkness spirit, please leave. Kamito is my master."
"Do know that I am the one who first contracted with Kamito. Instead, you should be the one to stop hindering Kamito and my long awaited reunion."
"Kamito's current contracted spirit is me. Leave Kamito."
"No. If you must insist no matter what, please back up your words with power."
Rumble rumble rumble rumble rumble rumble rumble rumble...!
Invisible sparks were flying as the darkness spirit and the sword spirit glared at each other.
"S-Say, both of you..."
Kamito sighed helplessly.
"Can't contracted spirits just get along together?"
"No." "How rare for our opinions to coincide. I agree."
They answered immediately.
Restia stood up on the bed.
"We could settle this here and now. Let's see who is more worthy of being Kamito's contracted spirit."
"As you wish, darkness spirit."
"W-Wait up, you two—Don't damage the Divine Ritual Institute's facilities!"
Ignoring his pleas to stop—
"O black lightning, even capable of incinerating souls to oblivion—Hell Blast!"
Restia's released lighting smashed a wall in the room.
However—
"For me who possesses the strongest anti-magic properties, spirit magic has no effect."
Est remained standing amidst the sparking lightning as if nothing had happened.
"Nothing less from the legendary Demon Slayer. However—"
"...!?"
Est widened her violet eyes. The intense lightning strike was nothing but a distraction. Restia instantly circled her way to Est's back.
"What about this?"
Pinning Est's arms behind her back, Restia dragged her over to the bed at the same time.
"...What do you... intend to do?"
"Fufu, to you, this would be something very embarrassing."
Restia pushed Est down and placed her fingers on the tip of Est's kneesock.
"Wha..."
Est instantly froze.
Her expression remained blank except her face turned red.
"Miss Sacred Sword, I remember you are particularly ashamed of exposing your bare feet, yes?"
"...That... is..."
In one motion, Restia pulled down the kneesock from Est's thigh to below the knee.
"Uwah!"
"Miss Legendary Sacred Sword, who could have thought you'd make such a cute sound?"
"...Don't do this... Stop..."
Est desperately tried to lift her kneesock, however...
"I refuse♪"
Restia continued with her task and pulled the kneesock down to Est's ankle.
"...Ooh, ah... Nooo..."
Tears glimmered in Est's eyes as she tearfully looked at Kamito.
Kamito sighed.
"Restia, w-what are you doing!?"
"Oh dear, Kamito, don't you want to see this child's bare foot?"
"...U-Umm..."
Kamito was instantly speechless.
Est absolutely refused to show her bare feet.
...To be honest, he could not deny his definite curiosity.
"See, Kamito wants to look as well."
"...No... Don't..."
Just as the fingers holding onto the kneesock's tip were about to expose the heel—
(...N-No!)
Kamito recovered his senses and shook his head.
"R-Restia, that's enough!"
He pulled her away from Est.
Restia puffed her cheeks and sulked.
"Hmph, Kamito is taking sides with Miss Sacred Sword now."
"No, it's not like we have enemies and allies here..."
While scratching his head, Kamito answered, feeling troubled.
"...Fine."
Restia sighed.
"Let's continue next time, Kamito."
"..."
"...!?"
Then she kissed Kamito on the cheek.
Spreading the black wings on her back, she flew out of the window.
"..."
Left behind, Kamito continued staring in a daze.
Beside him, Est swiftly pulled her kneesock up properly.
"Kamito, did you see it?"
"Huh?"
"Did you see my bare foot?"
Her mysterious violet eyes stared at Kamito.
"I-It's okay! Just a little, I didn't even see the heel!"
Kamito frantically shook his head.
"...Kamito is such a perv."
Still expressionless, Est's face went slightly red.
Beautiful black wings were fluttering beneath the sunset sky.
Flying through the air, Restia lightly stroked her gorgeous black hair.
"How unsightly of me. To think I would be jealous."
Grumbling in self-mockery, she closed her dusk-colored eyes.
Then as though in contrition, she brought her hands to her chest.
"Sorry, Kamito—"

—I told you a lie.
In a secret underground passage beneath the elemental lord's sacred domain of Ragna Ys—
Rubia Elstein was stumbling as she walked.
"...Guh... Ooh..."
She wheezed painfully as she made her way step by step along the walls of the passage.
Her body was fast approaching its limits.
A Cursed Armament Seal was carved on her heart to sustain the contract with Laevateinn.
The price was too great. Even if Laevateinn did not demand her soul, her life was not going to last long.
(...But I can't die yet.)
While coughing blood, she murmured in her heart.
Yes, not yet. She still had things to do.
(...How odd. Earlier, I had clearly prepared myself to die.)
Who could have thought that a contract made using life as a medium could be severed—
(Kazehaya Kamito, you never fail to surprise me—)
Rubia could not help but smile faintly.
In her mind, the image of his back surfaced.
The young man wielding dual swords.
—Rubia, I will protect you even if it means putting my life on the line.
He had promised her that.
Thump—A commotion in her heart.
This was not pain that tormented her body. Rather, it was a sweet kind of pain that gripped the heart.
A pain that she experienced for the first time, being a girl who had undergone a princess maiden's strict education since early childhood.
(...This unbelievable emotion, what is it?)
The unidentified emotion was causing Rubia anxiety.
(Now is definitely not the time for turbulent emotions—)
The world's fate was entrusted to Kazehaya Kamito's choice.
No matter what choice he made, the human realm was sure to undergo monumental chaos. Chaos would instantly sweep across the continent, finally erupting in a conflict surpassing the Ranbal War.
That was the only thing that must be avoided absolutely.
Suppressing chaos required overwhelming military strength.
There was the Murders organization that possessed extensive networks across the continent, her connections with the Demon King cultist faction in the top echelons of the Alphas Theocracy's military, as well as the private army whose core comprised Instructional School orphans.
(I will first use those girls to bring the Alphas Theocracy under my control—)
With burning flames in her ruby eyes, Rubia continued her way forward.
The underground cavern led to the eastern part of Ragna Ys. The small flying craft that Lily Flame had prepared should be there.
Most likely, the Empire had already sent troops to pursue her. Rubia in her current state would not be able to offer any resistance if they sent Numbers-class spirit knights.
(I... must hurry...)
Just as Rubia stumbled as she supported herself with her hand against the wall...
A dagger sliced through wind to pierce Rubia's arm.
"...!"
Suppressing a scream, she stared into the darkness.
What struck her was a dagger used for assassination, dripping with blood.
"...Who are you?"
Rubia asked the darkness. In her current state, having lost the contracted spirit and the Sacred Maiden's power, she did not even have the ability to sense the enemy's presence.
Next.
"To think you'd use 'who are you' as a greeting. Clearly we belong to the same team."
The light of magic glowed.
"Sjora Kahn, you..."
Rubia gritted her teeth.
Appearing out of the darkness was the scantily clad witch of the Theocracy.
Behind her, a crowd of girls in crimson military uniforms stood on guard, surrounding Rubia.
White masks appeared in the darkness. All of them held daggers in their hands.
"The Theocracy's Snake huh—"
Pulling the dagger out from her wound, Rubia groaned.
This organization of executors was not under the military's authority. Most likely, the Theocracy had issued orders for them to execute Rubia for failing her mission of winning the Blade Dance.
(—In any case, they came to silence me.)
Rubia knew that country's dark side all too well.
It was only natural for the military to consider silencing her through death.
Rubia extended her right hand in a posture for counterattacking. Although losing her contracted spirit rendered her unable to use flame spirit magic, she was still able to use flames that did not originate from spirits—Frost Blaze. Inside the narrow tunnel, she should be able to defeat two or three opponents.
(But that would be all I can manage. Given my current state—)
"The Theocracy's Snake? Sorry, you're wrong."
The witch jeered and snapped her fingers.
The girls in military uniform took off their white masks mechanically.
"Wha..."
All were girls whom Rubia had seen before.
These were the assassins with unusual powers whom Rubia had gathered from the continent—The Instructional School's orphans.
A total of thirteen girls. They stared coldly at Rubia with dim and hollow gazes.
"The girls you cultivated have been absorbed outright into the military as my private army. Although they originally possessed a redundant sense of self, the Theocracy reeducated them."
"Witch, how dare you!"
Rubia released flames of absolute zero.
"Poor little princess."
Instantly, a dark figure appeared out of thin air.
The shadow roared, then its giant jaws expanded several fold and swallowed the roaring flames of blue in one gulp.
"...That spirit, could it be—"
Four sturdy limbs. Eyes glowing red ominously.
A pitch-black demon wolf making an astounding roar that shook the atmosphere.
"Good boy, Fenrir."
Sjora Kahn stroke the demon wolf's neck.
"Even the 'flames of absolute zero' that can freeze everything are useless against this demon ice spirit—The Laurenfrost's daughter really gave me quite an excellent present."
She walked over to Rubia who had collapsed, exhausted.
Her expression proceeded to change.
"What a pity. You were simply dancing in the middle of my palm."
"...!?"
Seeing the witch suddenly change her tone of voice, Rubia frowned.
"Although I did not obtain the Demon King's body, it was still quite interesting. Breathing the so-called outside air is not bad after so long."
"...Who are you?"
"How unexpectedly slow of you, Sacred Maiden. There is only one who seeks the Demon King's body."
"Could it be...!? You should have perished a thousand years ago..."
"Ha, that is what the contemptible Divine Ritual Institute's history books recorded."
That which bore Sjora Kahn's appearance was stepping on the side on Rubia's face.
"...What... is your goal?"
"I've said it many times already. I want a complete body. This decrepit snake princess' body does not allow me to release my power. Oh well, it would be asking for too much—"
Her lips in a twisted grin, Sjora revealed the glowing spirit seal on her right hand.
A pattern of crystallized ice.
"I have found something interesting in this demon ice spirit's memory. For some reason, an alter ego of an elemental lord seems to be sealed in the abandoned city."
"...A sealed Elemental Lord? How on earth...?"
"There is no point in telling someone who is about to die here."
Sjora's fingertip produced a dazzling flash of light.
"Kuku, don't worry. Your useless little sister will be joining you on the other side soon."
Just at this moment...
Accompanied by an astounding explosion, the underground cavern's walls crumbled.
"...What?"
Sjora Kahn hastily dodged.
The Instructional School's girls swiftly surrounded her to protect her.
Where the cloud of dust and debris settled—
A strangely shaped giant was standing.
Formed from amorphous water, the giant looked female.
"Looks like we made it, Lily."
Sitting on the giant's shoulder, a girl spoke.
"—Cardinal."
The other girl jumped down from the giant's back.
She swiftly hurried over to the collapsed Rubia's side.
"It's... Lily huh..."
"Please don't speak. Save your strength."
Lily took out a healing spirit crystal from her bosom and pressed it against Rubia's arm.
A warm glow enveloped Rubia's arm and began to heal the wound.
Lily glared at Sjora Kahn.
"You've rebelled, witch!"
"Hey hey, in terms of using each other, the same goes for you eh?"
Jeering, the witch turned her gaze to the girl riding on the giant's shoulder.
"—That thing is the tactical-class militarized spirit Apsara, I suppose."
"Yes. Obtained during the Tempest, one of the three militarized spirits. Colossus and Garuda are already broken from use, but this is still unused so I saved it."
Tossing her ash-gray hair, Muir Alenstarl replied.
"The Snake's elites should have gone to silence you?"
"All taken care of."
Muir answered immediately.
"Don't underestimate Muir. You will be killed too."
"Hierarch, please step back. Let us—"
The Instructional School's girls warned in an inorganic voice and readied their daggers.
"Heh, these third-rate flunkies, who didn't even qualify as one of the Ranked, you intend to fight Muir huh—"
Muir smiled in amusement.
"If you want to die that much, Muir will play with you, okay?"
"...!"
The Instructional School's group wavered.
Top combat specialists in the continent were faltering from a single girl's intimidating presence.
However, Sjora shrugged and stepped forward.
"Aren't you confident? But this is your last militarized spirit. If you were to fight all my pawns, you should understand that this thing will break halfway through."
"Then Muir will just destroy this entire cave."
"Are you stupid? You'll die too."
"Muir won't die. Surely, Muir will live for Onii-sama."
Muir's expression remained unchanged as she murmured softly.
"...Damn Monster. Insane."
Sjora clicked her tongue.
"Muir is serious. You don't want to lose the majority of your forces here, right?"
Hearing Lily's words, Sjora instantly displayed a look of contemplation—
"...Retreat. This is a waste of time."
Next, she walked towards the darkness.
Her subordinates also followed quickly behind her and disappeared.
"..."
A few seconds' silence. Then—
"Muir, well done. I never knew you were that good at bluffing."
"That was no bluff. Muir really is serious."
Muir tilted her head in a daze.
"What, y-you intended to bury us alive here!?"
"If you're lucky, you won't die."
"...Sigh. Jeez."
Lily sighed deeply and turned to Rubia.
"—Thank goodness you are safe, Cardinal."
"Sorry, Lily. The Instructional School people have been taken away. This is my oversight."
"No, this is because I didn't gather enough intelligence. Although I knew the Theocracy could not be trusted, I never expected them to act this swiftly."
"They most likely conspired together with Murders. With the Divine Ritual Institute and the Empire's spirit knights in pursuit, there is no place for me to hide now."
The situation had changed dramatically.
Since her military forces had been taken by the Theocracy, Rubia had to reconsider her direction anew—
Rubia stood up—
"What about you?"
"...Huh?"
"Like I said, there is currently no place for me to stay. I've lost my power as an elementalist. There is no need to follow me."
"You must be joking."
Lily knelt down before Rubia.
"You were the one who freed us from the Instructional School and treated us like people. I have no intention of serving anyone else. Henceforth, please continue to command me as you please."
"...I see."
Rubia placed her hand on Lily's shoulder.
"—Well then, follow me. Lily Flame."
"Y-Yes!"
"It can't be helped."
Muir jumped down from the militarized spirit.
"Muir will ally with you as well. Having no place to go is shared by Muir as well. Although Muir hates you, she hates the Theocracy's people even more. Also, Lily can't do anything without Muir by her side."
"Th-That's you, okay! Without me, you can't even cook!"
"Lily, shut up or be killed."
"Your request for an alliance is accepted, Muir Alenstarl."
Crimson hair fluttered as Rubia walked towards the depths of the darkness.
...As though crushing underfoot the destiny waiting for her ahead.
"—A war is about to begin."

"...Phew, it feels so good after a bath."
In the single room prepared at the Divine Ritual Institute's shrine—
Having finished her ritual purification, Claire was changing her uniform.
Holding her favorite ribbon in her mouth, she tied her hair into twintails.
Next, her team was going to make a visit to the castle they had stayed at previously.
Suddenly, Claire looked out the window.
It was already dusk outside.
Just earlier, they were still blade dancing in the abandoned city. It seemed like a dream now.
"...In the end, I didn't get a chance to talk much with Kamito."
Buttoning her shirt, Claire sighed.
She clearly wanted to spend time with Kamito alone and talk more—
(...Seriously, so much happened.)
To be honest, she was still very confused.
The whereabouts of the sister who disappeared. The reason she revealed to explain her betrayal.
The Demon King's power dormant in Kamito—
Also—
(...U-Unbelievable. To think that Ren Ashbell-sama's true identity is...)
Her cheeks went hot instantly.
Ren Ashbell was the girl whom Claire admired.
All along, Claire had regarded her as the ideal elementalist and worked hard to that end.
Never did she expect—
(...T-To think she turns out to be Kamito.)
But at that time, Kamito definitely said.
I am the Strongest Blade Dancer, Ren Ashbell—
Instantly, Claire's heart began to race.
(Kamito back then, was so very... cool.)
Lying on the bed, Claire buried her face in the pillow.
She hugged the pillow tightly and rolled from side to side in that manner.
(A-Also...)
She looked up from her pillow and touched her lips softly.
(We even... k-kissed.)
Her heart pounded nonstop.
As soon as she recalled it, a hot sensation rushed through the inside of her body.
Her mind became filled with Kamito.
"...~! So annoying, what's with this..."
Claire began to pound away at the pillow. At this moment—
"...Meow?"
"Uwaaa, Scarlet!?"
Climbing onto the bed was the hell cat spirit, wrapped in flames.
She stared with her round eyes, tilting her head in puzzlement.
"Seriously, don't scare me."
Claire put down the pillow...
And picking up Scarlet, embraced her gently.
"...Thank you, Scarlet."
As she stroked Scarlet's head, the cat purred in comfort.
Her gratitude towards Scarlet could not be contained in a few words. Only thanks to the calls of this hell cat spirit was Claire able to recover her consciousness when she fell to become the Darkness Queen.
"...Speaking of which, your true name was released."
Claire suddenly recalled.
The Scarlet Valkyrie—Ortlinde. The lovely girl who was clad in a dress of flames.
Reportedly, she had fought in the Spirit War several thousand years ago as one of the primeval spirit weapons.
At the time, Claire had quickly lost consciousness and did not have the chance to talk with her more—
"Meow?"
Judging from the way she looked, Scarlet did not remember what happened back then.
Claire placed her right hand lightly on Scarlet's head.
As she supplied divine power, the flame seal gave off dazzling light.
"True name release—Awaken, Scarlet Valkyrie Ortlinde!"
With divine power poured into Scarlet's entire body, intense flames surged.
However—
"..."
Scarlet's appearance remained unchanged.
She did not transform into that girl.
"...Strange."
Claire tilted her head.
"...Whatever."
Since she had released it once already, with further training, she would surely release it again.
Furthermore, adding more rivals would be troublesome too—She murmured softly.
Looking up, she suddenly spotted a figure outside the window.
Rinslet.
"What is she doing?"
The way she looked from behind was rather unenergetic.
"Come to think of it, she didn't say much during the ritual purification either."
Claire stepped onto the window sill and jumped out.
Rinslet was walking towards the Grand Shrine's garden.
Coming before a spring in the center of the garden, she reached out towards the water surface that was reflecting moonlight.
(...Spirit magic?)
Claire was watching in surprise when—
"—Ray of Frost!"
Rinslet was softly reciting an incantation.
This was basic ice-attribute magic for freezing the target.
Resonating with Rinslet's divine power, the spring's water surface gave off faint light.
In the end, she slumped her shoulders dejectedly.
"...Rinslet, what are you doing?"
"Claire!"
Rinslet frantically looked back.
"N-Nothing!"
"Liar."
Claire asserted. No matter what, they were longtime childhood friends. It was too easy to see that something was amiss.
"During the ritual purification just now, you were uncharacteristically quiet. What happened?"
"...N-None of your business, Claire."
"W-What, to think I was so worried..."
"H-Hmph, redundant!"
Rinslet suddenly turned her face away and prepared to leave.
"Wait up...!"
Claire swiftly grabbed Rinslet by the arm.
...I can't leave her alone.
She could see traces of tears on the side of Rinslet's face.
"Rinslet, you..."
Looking down at the arm she had grabbed, Claire suddenly noticed.
The spirit seal that should have been carved on Rinslet's right hand was nowhere to be found.
Claire remembered that back when she was unable to use her spirit, the seal would be in a state that was almost invisible to the naked eye. But even so, it could still be confirmed by close examination.
However, Rinslet's spirit seal had vanished completely.
"What happened? Where's your Fenrir?"
"..."
Rinslet turned her gaze away in embarrassment.
"—The bond is weakened. Even near a spring, I can't produce cold air."
Her voice was trembling. Usually arrogant, she was quite dispirited currently.
Claire looked towards the spring. There was a thin membrane of ice on the water surface.
But that was all. The power of Rinslet's Ray of Frost was not limited to this level, of course.
Originally, she should have been able to freeze the entire spring's water instead.
"What happened?"
"..."
"Tell me. We're teammates."
"Claire..."
Rinslet bit her lip hard.
"...During the battle with the witch, I lost Fenrir."
Rinslet recounted how Fenrir was devoured by the demon spirit during the battle with the witch. That demon spirit apparently had the ability to steal contracted spirits. Even her spirit seal disappeared as well.
Hearing that, Claire—
"...To go so far as stealing spirits, that behavior clearly contravenes the Blade Dance's ethos!"
Anger was causing her hair to stand vertically.
The Blade Dance festival was not a war for mutual violence. Instead, it was a blade dance offering to the elemental lords.
Trying one's best was required but that did not imply unscrupulous means were acceptable.
"Raise objections with the Alphas Theocracy."
"—That's most likely futile."
Suddenly a voice appeared from behind.
Looking back, Claire found Fianna and Ellis at the garden's entrance.
"I heard from Ellis about what happened."
"Sorry, I disclosed it without consulting you, because I was thinking Her Highness the imperial princess might have some solution."
Ellis bowed her head politely.
"No, I don't mind..."
"What do you mean by futile?"
"Sjora Kahn is ostracized even among the Alphas Theocracy's royal family. She is regarded as the taboo child who employs demon spirits. Oh well, it's similar to my situation except through completely different causes. However, she wields authority through her connections with part of the military and the Demon King cultists based inside the Theocracy. Even if objections are raised with the Theocracy, they will surely be ignored."
"So what can be done? Do you know anything about that demon spirit?"
"Regrettably, I don't know much about that spirit-stealing spirit either. It's Bandersnatch—The Theocracy's secret spirit, right?"
Fianna shook her head.
Information regarding demon spirits and their rare users was extremely scarce.
"Is there nothing we can do..."
Ellis hugged her shoulders.
"...No, there must be something."
Claire was murmuring when...
The voices of princess maidens could be heard coming from the Grand Shrine's building.
"—Everyone, the horse-drawn carriage is ready."
Inside the carriage prepared by the Divine Ritual Institute—
"So, Fenrir was..."
Hearing what had happened, Kamito remarked quietly with a grave expression.
(...So that's why she is so disheartened.)
Kamito knew very well the pain of losing a contracted spirit.
That feeling was like having one's body ripped in half.
"So we're now considering if there's any method to retrieve Fenrir—"
"Sjora Kahn still hasn't been located?"
"Apparently, even the Divine Ritual Institute has not been able to ascertain Team Inferno's location."
Fianna shook her head.
Sjora Kahn was a witch who could not be underestimated. Catching her would probably be very difficult.
Besides, it was unknown whether a spirit whose contract was voided could be retrieved in the first place. If Fenrir was already stolen completely—
(Then they could only rely on a miracle...)
"So, I was thinking—"
At this moment, Claire brought up a topic with a serious expression.
"I'll use my Wish to get Fenrir back, how's that?"
"Using your Wish, Claire?"
"Yeah. I've already seen Nee-sama and heard the truth. So I don't have any Wish to realize anymore. If it's the Elemental Lords' power, taking back a spirit whose contract was voided should be possible."
"N-No way. That Wish clearly belongs to you—"
"Don't you already have a Wish you must realize? A-After all, I owe you so much, with this I won't need to go out of my way to pay you back."
"Claire..."
Rinslet's eyes of greenstone wavered subtly.
"—About that, let's wait first."
Suddenly, Kamito interjected.
"Huh?"
"About the Elemental Lords' miracle, I think it's better to be more cautious. Rubia's words are quite concerning too."
"Well..."
—The miracle transcending this world's rules and logic.
—Does not actually grant the Wish you hope for.
That was what she definitely said.
He was not trying to advocate complete belief in Rubia's words.
But Kamito had witnessed it.
—In the memories three years ago, the Elemental Lords' miracle devoured Restia.
Transcending this world's rules—Something beyond this world.
If that was the miracle's true form—
(...Relying on that power is far too dangerous.)
"—Indeed, perhaps that's true. But..."
Claire bit her thumb's fingernail.
"I believe we should search for another method."
"I agree with Kamito-kun. Although I was formerly a princess maiden at the Divine Ritual Institute, after hearing Rubia-sama's words, I cannot find any reason not to doubt the Elemental Lords."
Hearing Fianna's words, Rinslet bit her lip hard.
"...I-I know. It's as you say."
But she still nodded.
"...Claire, your kind intentions are enough."
"Y-Yeah.."
"I will try to investigate that demon spirit."
"Yes, the Fahrengart family will also spare no effort in providing assistance."
"Speaking of demon spirits, Greyworth might know something."
"E-Everyone..."
Rinslet covered her eyes with her uniform's sleeves.
Then she looked up.
"S-Staying depressed would be too unseemly!"
She displayed her usual elegant smile.
The carriage stopped before the castle.
Holding Est in sword form, Kamito walked towards the lobby.
He stared into the starry sky as he walked.
(By the way, where did Restia run off to?)
After disappearing from the Grand Shrine, she still had not returned.
Oh well, since I can feel the connection through the spirit seal, there shouldn't be a problem—
(She's always been willful from the very beginning...)
Kamito sighed in his heart.
As soon as Kamito's group approached, the castle's gates opened from inside.
"Welcome back, milady."
The maid Carol had come to welcome them.
Her radiant smile healed everyone's hearts.
"Carol, did anything happen while I was away?"
"Yes. Although there were three instances of fire disasters when making breakfast, luckily, they were all confined to milady's room."
"...Sigh. If that's where it ends, I guess it's alright."
"...Of course it isn't."
Kamito calmly remarked snidely.
...Employing such a maid, was the Laurenfrost home really alright?
"Welcome back, Onee-sama, Onii-sama!"
It was Rinslet's younger sister Mireille. Skipping along, she rushed over and hugged her sister.
"S-Seriously, Mireille, mind your manners!"
Rinslet instantly put on airs like an elder sister and began to lecture.
However, her hand was gently stroking her sister's head... As usual, she liked to indulge her younger sister.
After separating from her sister, Mireille hugged Kamito next.
"Hmm..."
The young ladies' icy stares stabbed him in the back.
"Also, Onii-sama, congratulations for your victory!"
"L-Like I said already, stop calling me 'Onii-sama'."
Kamito was feeling overwhelmed.
"Mireille-sama, please stop troubling Kamito."
At this moment, someone reached out from the side and pulled Mireille off from Kamito.
"Ah, Milla, what are you doing!?"
Grabbed by the collar, Mireille struggled violently.
The new arrival was the former leader of the Rupture Division, Milla Bassett, dressed as a maid.
She gazed at Kamito with her heterochromatic eyes then said:
"Kamito, welcome back."
"Yeah, I've returned, Milla."
Kamito placed his hand on Milla's head.
"...Ah, ooh..."
Instantly, Milla froze and her face went red.
"...Eh. Kamito-kun, as expected of the Demon King of the Night."
"Th-The title of the Demon King, having one title as the Demon King of the Night is enough... I-Isn't that what you said?"
"H-Hold on, you girls, are you misunderstanding something?"
Kamito frantically tried to explain himself.
—At this moment.
"Good grief. You're still the same, lad."
An exasperated voice came from the staircase inside.
"...!"
Apart from Kamito, everyone straightened their posture and stood in a line.
"—Members of Team Scarlet, congratulations on your victory."
Applauding as she descended the stairs, Greyworth arrived, dressed in a suit.
"You, umm... Has your body recovered?"
Hearing Kamito's stiff gesture of concern...
"Fufu, to think the first thing you worry about would be the body. Looks like you find my body impossible to forget."
"W-What nonsense are you talking about, how could that be true!?"
"K-Kamito, even towards the headmistress, you..."
Rumble rumble rumble rumble rumble rumble...!
The young ladies' stabbing glares were really hurting his neck.
Seeing their reactions, Greyworth smiled with amusement.
"Kamito, come to my room."
Then she ordered in a tone of voice that tolerated no objections.
"Huh?"
"I will teach you the final secret technique."
Enduring the girls' icy gazes on his back, Kamito was led to the room.
Greyworth sat down on the sofa and picked up a wine bottle from the table.
"Just sit down there. Want a drink?"
She poured the amber liquid into a glass.
"You're still recuperating, right? Watch what you drink."
"Oh my, how rare. You're worried about me?"
"...Like anyone would worry about you."
Kamito silently took the glass away.
"...Fine, what's this about? That final secret technique you mentioned just now."
The night before the final round, Kamito had inherited the Absolute Blade's secret technique.
Last Strike—A countering sword skill for using against humans. Due to teaching this sword skill, the Dusk Witch had lost her power as an elementalist.
"Don't be so impatient. Once you master this blade dance move, you'll became the true Demon King."
"...True Demon King? What's this about?"
Kamito was shocked.
Greyworth lay down on the sofa and said:
"Let me teach you now—Bursting Blossom Spiral Blade Dance of the Night."
"..."
"..."
Silence fell.
"...You fiend."
Kamito could not help but grab Greyworth by the collar.
"Fufu, once you learn this secret technique, all the girls in the Academy will quickly fall. However, if you're the one using it, perhaps they'll lose their minds because it's too intense."
"H-How can you still consider yourself the headmistress!?"
Kamito roared angrily.
"In that case, you may test it out on me. After all, I can't commune with spirits anymore. There's no need to stay pure, right?"
Using her fingers to push her neckline open, her black underwear came into view.
"S-Stop toying with me..."
Kamito blushed and turned his gaze away.
"Fufu, the lad is so cute."
Greyworth laughed in her throat then sat properly on the sofa again.
"First of all, allow me to praise you. Well done. As expected, summoning you to the Academy was not a waste of effort."
"Receiving praise from you makes me feel worse."
While retorting—
"...Oh well, in any case, let me thank you. Thanks to you, I was able to meet my comrades at the Academy—"
Kamito took off his glove, revealing the spirit seal on his left hand.
"I've also retrieved what's precious to me."
"It's your own power that allowed you to retrieve the darkness spirit. I didn't do anything."
Greyworth shrugged.
Kamito sat down on the opposite chair then—
"...Greyworth, let me ask you something."
He posed a question.
"Oh?"
"—Twenty-four years ago. What happened on the day you obtained victory in the Blade Dance?"
"...How nostalgic."
"Twenty-four years ago on that day, you prayed to the Elemental Lords for a miracle and obtained eternal life and youth."
"...It's not really eternal life and youth, that."
Greyworth's gaze turned sharp.
"Yes, you did say that before. The elemental lords' miracle is not actually omnipotent."
"However, the ability to achieve something like that can only be called a miracle. At the time, I needed to guard the Empire, even if it meant planting the seeds of disease personally into my own body."
The witch pointed to her heart.
"A Cursed Armament Seal. Transplanted on the heart."
"Lurie Lizaldia of the Numbers already told me."
"...That talkative lass."
Greyworth clicked her tongue.
"You, what did you see inside the Elemental Lords' True Sanctuary?"
"You should know about the Geis, right? What is seen and heard in the Elemental Lords' True Sanctuary cannot be disclosed at all. That is the strictest contract."
"You don't need to say it out. Just answer a question."
Kamito shook his head.
"Did you see that darkness inside the True Sanctuary?"
"Darkness?"
She displayed a surprised expression.
"What is that about?"
(...Greyworth didn't see that?)
Kamito was surprised.
—At this moment, suddenly, the window in the room opened and black wings fluttered and spread.
"Wha..."
Kamito stood up from his chair.
Landing on the windowsill—
The darkness spirit whose dress was colored like night.
"It's been a while, Dusk Witch."
"Hmph, the darkness spirit huh."
Greyworth smiled impertinently.
"Restia, what happened? Where did you go just now—"
"Kamito, the Theocracy's flying vessel is secretly heading towards the abandoned city..."
"...What?"
An ominous feeling flashed across his mind.
"The Blade Dance already ended. Why return to the abandoned capital..."
"She is likely targeting—"
Saying that, Restia looked up into the sky—
"The Water Elemental Lord's alter ego, right?"

Kamito immediately summoned his teammates to the castle lobby.
Everyone was about to sleep at this point in time, hence the girls all displayed displeased expressions.
Only Scarlet was still very energetic.
(...Perhaps it's because cats are nocturnal.)
"...Jeez, what happened? The Blade Dance already ended."
"I will have you know that I sleep regularly on the dot at nine."
Claire and Ellis had their arms akimbo as they remarked angrily.
However, since they were both wearing cute pajamas, they were totally not intimidating.
...Rather, they were quite adorable.
"Sorry, there's an emergency. Things are very bad."
"What emergency?"
"The Alphas Theocracy's flying vessel seems to be heading towards the abandoned city."
"...Abandoned city?"
Claire frowned in surprise.
"What would she do in that kind of place at this time?"
"Most likely, her target is Iseria."
"...!"
All the team members were shocked. That was the girl with hair the color of shimmering water who had assisted them during Claire's rescue.
"Why... Why target that child!?"
Rinslet demanded from Kamito.
"Iseria is a top-ranked spirit. Sjora perhaps intends to capture her as a contracted spirit."
"How could that...!"
Probably recalling the demon spirit's theft of Fenrir, Rinslet cried out sorrowfully.
(Or perhaps, for some other purpose...)
Iseria Seaward.
Three years ago on that day, Kamito had liberated one of the elemental lords.
Did the witch act because she found out about that—?
"But how did those people find out about Iseria?"
Ellis voiced her puzzlement.
"Most likely by tracing Fenrir's memories."
Greyworth descended slowly down the stairs.
"Through the spirit seal, a contractor can see fragments of the contracted spirit's memories. That spirit probably appeared in Fenrir's memories."
"No way..."
Rinslet wavered.
"Greyworth, seeing as you employ demon spirits, do you know any method for retrieving Fenrir?"
"My condolences. I am a knight and not an authority on spirit research."
Greyworth shook her head.
"Besides, the category of demon spirits is simply something that the Spirit Investigation Association defined on their own. An umbrella term for spirits whose mental structure cannot be analyzed. Hence, there is basically no information on individual demon spirits unless they have been researched specifically."
"...I see."
"However, speaking of saving that demon ice spirit, that's not totally impossible."
"Eh?"
"Although the demon spirit Bandersnatch possesses the power to overwrite existing contracts, that effect can be considered a type of spirit contract. Being a spirit contract, it must be accompanied by a certain something—"
"...A spirit seal?"
"Smart lad. On Fenrir that was taken away, there should be a spirit seal carved by demon spirit. Aiming there—"
"Destroy it with Terminus Est, right?"
Kamito gripped the Demon Slayer's hilt firmly.
"However, that's only a possibility. I don't know that much about that demon spirit's characteristics."
"...Yeah, got it. But it's worth a try."
Kamito nodded at Rinslet.
"Anyway, I think we should hurry over to the abandoned city. We can't passively let her get taken away."
"Eh, yeah, that's right! I promised that child that I'll definitely bring her out of that place."
"...However, we still don't know how to lift the seal."
"I have some ideas on that."
As Fianna showed hesitancy, Kamito responded.
If the girl he saw in his dream really was the liberated Elemental Lord—
Then the seal could be lifted using her true name as the medium.
(...Also, there's something that I must ask her no matter what.)
"But how do we get to the abandoned city?"
Ellis raised a question.
"Can't we use the Divine Ritual Institute's transfer magic?"
If they explained the situation to the Divine Ritual Institute, they probably would lend out the Gate for transfer.
"That requires a ritual. Also, the magic stones can only transfer to fixed locations."
Fianna shook her head.
"Then what should we do—"
Just as Kamito gritted his teeth in frustration...
"Good grief, looks like my power is needed."
Greyworth shrugged.
"Didn't you lose your power completely...?"
"The word power is not limited to an elementalist's power, you know?"
Greyworth smiled.
"Head over and wait at the tip of Ragna Ys. I will prepare equipment for you."
"...Telling us to wait here, what exactly is she planning?"
"The headmistress will have arrangements."
An hour later, Kamito's group had gathered at the northwestern tip of Ragna Ys.
The night air was very cold. Despite the barrier covering Ragna Ys entirely to stop the wind, the air itself was enough to make the skin chilly.
"...So cold. My hands are almost freezing."
Under thick winter clothes, Kamito shivered.
"It reminds me of the training camp at the Laurenfrost snow mountains when we first entered the Academy."
"Hmm, that was hell."
Hearing Claire remark as she hugged her hell cat tightly, Ellis expressed full agreement.
"This level doesn't really count as cold."
Only Rinslet, who was born and raised in a land of snow, remained unfazed.
"...Say, that looks very warm. Let me hug Scarlet too."
"I don't really mind, but Scarlet doesn't let anyone close apart from me."
Claire took Scarlet from under her arm and handed her to Kamito.
Scarlet shrank into a ball then stayed obediently in Kamito's arms.
"...Wow, so warm."
He felt a sense of warmth rise from within his body.
"Meow—, meow—♪"
The hell cat spirit seemed to be meowing very happily.
"...Tsk, w-why is Scarlet acting so intimate!?"
"K-Kamito, that's so unfair! I want a hug too!"
As soon as Ellis reached over, Scarlet began to struggle as though greatly repulsed.
"Kamito-kun, this kind of skin to skin contact would be even warmer."
Boing boing boing.
"Fianna!?"
"W-What, w-what are you doing, pervert princess!?"
At this moment, there was sudden gust of wind, causing the girls' hair to fly at the same time.
"W-What!?"
From under the precipice, a massive object rose up.
Bathed under the moonlight, the object appearing out of the darkness was—
"The latest model of the Winged Raptor-class combat craft!"
Claire cried out with surprise.
The streamlined craft was shaped like a flying dragon. The ship's body was plated with mithril. The wings on both sides gave off faint light.
Kamito recalled that this was one of the twelve small-sized flying ships owned by the Empire.
At this moment, the control room's door opened and Greyworth appeared on the deck.
"Just use this. However, absolutely do not break it."
"To think you were able to get authorization to use a flying ship in such short time!?"
Beneath the roaring wind, Kamito yelled.
Apart from those reserved for the imperial family, all flying ships were under the Fahrengart family's administration. Without the Knights' authorization, mobilizing a flying ship should be impossible.
"Who do you think I am? I've got plenty of blackmail material to threaten the military with."
"That explains why your life is always being targeted."
"When the time comes, lad, you'll protect me, right?"
"...As if."
Kamito turned his gaze away.
"Hurry and come up, there's not much time left."
Urged by Greyworth, Claire and the others jumped off the precipice and onto the deck.
"Okay, let's hurry—"
"W-Wait a sec... Kyah!"
As Fianna hesitated, Kamito picked her up in his arms and jumped over together.
"K-Kamito-kun, you're really..."
Landing on the deck, Fianna muttered with her face red.
"Given this ship, it should be able to catch up to the Theocracy's older style flying ship."
"Yes. After all, it is the latest and most advanced flying ship that my grandfather purchased."
Ellis expressed agreement with Greyworth. The Alphas Theocracy did not have the latest model of flying ships. At most, it would be an old-style craft from the Ranbal War era, supplied by Murders.
Greyworth got off the flying ship and looked back at Kamito's group.
"This is all I can do. You guys will control it from here on."
"You can't find a pilot?"
"It's already the middle of the night, of course it can't be arranged. It is able to hover like this in the surroundings of Ragna Ys where the ether density is high, but if you want to accelerate, you need to activate the spirit mechanism that uses a wind spirit crystal as its core. Ellis, can you manage it?"
"Y-Yes!"
Ellis immediately straightened her posture and nodded.
"Who will pilot it?"
Even though he was trained in the Instructional School, Kamito had never learned the skills for controlling a flying ship.
(On the other hand, specialized in espionage, Lily does have that type of skill—)
"At least, I've driven the imperial family's mini-craft before."
Fianna looked towards the control room and said quietly.
The control room's center was outfitted with a black slab of stone that had spirit language carved on it.
It looked like a stone panel that responded to touch and was controlled by thoughts.
"The basic controls are similar. As an outstanding princess maiden, you should not find it hard to control."
Greyworth's voice was heard from outside.
"I will stay on deck with Scarlet to guard against spirits. Rinslet, please prepare some midnight snacks. There should be a simple kitchen on a mini-craft."
"Understood!"
"What should I do?"
"Uh, Kamito should..."
Claire pondered for a while—
"Anyway, getting some sleep before we arrive would be nice, right?"
...Nothing he could contribute.
Oh well, it was true that there was nothing else he could do.
"Who knows the abandoned city's location?"
"The darkness spirit over there should know, right?"
"...Still the same, you don't know your manners, Dusk Witch."
The demon sword of darkness transformed into a girl in a dress the color of night.
Her beautiful black wings spread open and fluttered in the night sky.
"Restia!"
"...Fine. I shall lead the way until we reach the abandoned city. Be grateful to me."
"Darkness spirit, I don't trust you. Don't tell me you've forgotten everything you did back at the Academy."
Claire glared at Restia overhead.
"It matters not to me, if you know a safe route as humans. Once you enter the territory of archdemon-class spirits, this ship will be turned into sawdust."
"...!"
"Claire, it's okay. Believe in my partner."
"...Sigh, I know."
Claire shrugged.
Then lighting a small flame, she handed it over to Restia.
"...What's this?"
Restia inclined her head in puzzlement.
"You can't use light-attribute magic, right? It's hard to see you in the dark, so use this as a signal lamp."
"Ah yes, I see. How inconvenient it is to be human."
Understanding, Restia caught the fireball.
"Very well, let's go. To protect Iseria."
"...As expected of the latest combat craft model. It's like a wind spirit."
The sound of the wind rumbled. Looking outside the window in the cabin, Kamito muttered.
A wind barrier was erected around the ship's body and kept slicing through the clouds. Down in the engine room, Ellis must be working quite hard.
"...But to think I would be asked to go sleep."
Kamito muttered to himself.
Although there was some remaining fatigue accumulated from the final round, Kamito did not feel at ease leaving everything to the girls and going to sleep by himself.
"Oh well, if I try to help, I'll just end up getting in the way..."
Kamito lay down on his side on the bed.
At this moment, he felt a hard object in his pocket.
"...Speaking of which, I should pass it along."
Kamito recalled.
It was the pendant from Claire's older sister.
The pendant carved with the House of Elstein's crest, the flame lion.
Even after plunging into her hellish path, Rubia still held on to this object.
Kamito got up from bed.
Walking in the corridor, he was about to take the stairs up to the deck—
...Unable to resist, he halted in his steps.
A wonderful aroma was drifting through the kitchen door's gap.
(...Rinslet's making midnight snacks, right?)
His stomach began to growl. Thinking back, he had not eaten since morning.
Following the aroma, he pushed the kitchen door open.
"...Kamito, what's the matter?"
Dressed in an apron, Rinslet turned around with a spoon in hand.
Kamito could see a pot bubbling on top of a fire spirit crystal. Looks like the aroma came from this pot of soup.
"I'm hungry. Smelling this aroma, I couldn't help but come here."
"...I see. Please be patient for a while."
Rinslet served the steaming soup into a bowl.
"This soup is made from bacon and potatoes. Those are all the ingredients I could find in storage."
"No, that's enough. It looks very tasty."
Kamito took a sip of soup.
"...Ahhh, delicious."
The delicious taste felt as though steam was rising from the bottom of his heart.
"The saltiness is just right."
"I-If you don't mind this type of crude cooking, I can make as much as you want."
Blushing, Rinslet kept twirling her hair in her finger.
Kamito finished the soup in one breath.
"Thanks for the meal... Thank you."
"You're going back to the room?"
"No, I still want to check out the deck."
Just as he was about to exit the kitchen—
"Uh, umm..."
"...Rinslet?"
Kamito's uniform sleeve was grabbed from behind.
...No, rather than grabbed, it felt more like it was held between fingers.
"U-Umm..."
Rinslet's head was bowed, looking very indecisive.
"C-Could you hold... my hand?"
Finally, she spoke quietly.
Gazing up at Kamito, her emerald eyes seemed to be wavering.
Her right hand had lost the spirit seal. Her fingers were trembling.
One could hardly blame her. Despite acting full of vigor in front of everyone—
She was actually still very ill at ease.
...Kamito silently held her hand. He held her frail, delicate and feminine fingers.
"Fenrir will be taken back for sure. Don't worry."
"...Yes."
With Kamito holding her hand, Rinslet nodded.
As soon as he walked outside the cabin, it felt cold as expected.
While shivering, Kamito looked for signs of Claire.
She was sitting on the deck, hugging Scarlet.
"Claire—"
Walking up the stairs, he called out.
"Uwah... K-Kamito!?"
Startled, she turned her head back.
"Go back down and sleep. You must be tired."
"I can't fall asleep. Here, I've brought you some of Rinslet's soup."
Kamito placed the steaming soup on the floor.
"Th-Thank you..."
"Can I sit beside you?"
"...Eh? Ah, y-yeah..."
Kamito bent over and sat down by Claire's side.
...An awkward silence descended.
After all, too many things had happened during the final round.
Both of them were searching for a suitable topic of conversation—
"It's great that you were able to get back your darkness spirit."
Claire ended up the first to speak.
While gazing at the bright light in the distant clouds ahead, she murmured.
Despite being out of view, mixed into the darkness, Restia was there, acting as the flying ship's guide.
"...Yeah. That's why I've journeyed nonstop for the past three years."
"I see..."
Claire began to pout and sulk a bit.
"Umm, what a shame... You finally saw her again."
"...Yes. It's wonderful to see Nee-sama again, but hearing that kind of thing—"
"You mean the Elemental Lords' madness?"
"Yeah. It's hard to believe, but..."
Worrying, Claire embraced Scarlet tighter.
"The reason why Nee-sama rebelled was because the elemental lord wanted me as a sacrifice..."
"...Indeed, that's very disturbing."
The Fire Elemental Lord had demanded the user of Elstein's flame, Claire, as a sacrifice.
The Flame-Burning Flames that transcended the rules and logic of this world.
Why did the Elemental Lord demand that sort of thing—
"Next, what should we do? Continue searching for Rubia?"
"...Right."
Claire murmured with a pained expression.
She still had not organized her thoughts.
The Blade Dance's winners' blood relatives would receive a special pardon. This was customary since antiquity. However, even if Claire begged, it was unlikely that the Empire would let Rubia Elstein off.
Betraying the Elemental Lord was an unforgivable crime.
(—Besides, Rubia's grievances cannot be disclosed to the public.)
Although few would believe it, if news spread of the Elemental Lords being corrupted by something unidentified and even going mad, surely a great commotion would result.
"Oh yeah, this thing—"
Kamito took out the pendant from his pocket.
"...The lion's crest! Kamito, why do you—"
"Rubia entrusted it to me. To give to you."
He handed the pendant over. Claire held it tightly.
"...So warm. This chain is infused with the power of flames."
She stared at the pendant with gentle eyes.
The side view of her face was causing Kamito's heart to race.
"...However, why did Nee-sama give this to me?"
"At the time, she probably intended for you to inherit it upon her death."
"How..."
"...Don't worry. Your sister is very tenacious. Just like you."
Kamito placed his hand on her head.
"Y-Yes... Nee-sama has great mental strength."
Claire nodded lightly.
"That thing, just return it the next time you see her."
"Yeah..."
After putting the pendant away safely...
Claire looked up—
"B-By the way..."
Coughing once, she leaned closer to Kamito.
"Hmm?"
"—Kamito, you're the real Ren Ashbell, right?"
"Guh..."
...He was totally caught off guard.
"U-Umm... Uh..."
"Save it. You're wasting your breath if you want to keep hiding it. You've already admitted it yourself."
"I-I wasn't trying to hide it... okay..."
Kamito turned his gaze away and scratched his head.
"...So, what do you have to say for yourself?"
Claire glared at him.
"...Uh, sorry for deceiving you."
Kamito apologized honestly.
"Hmph, you've been deceiving me all this time?"
"Ugh..."
"—Before, I had always admired her."
"...S-Sorry."
Putting his hands to the ground, Kamito bowed his head and apologized.
Seeing that—
"...Sigh, fine. Okay, look up now."
Claire sighed and then—
"...Umm, thanks."
"Huh?"
Hearing unexpected words from Claire, Kamito frowned.
Claire relaxed the corners of her mouth slightly and said:
"Uh, I already mentioned it before... Three years ago, what saved me after I had given up on everything was her blade dance I saw back then. If it weren't for Ren Ashbell, I surely would not have made the Blade Dance my goal... So, thank you."
"Claire..."
"I-It feels a bit embarrassing, like this..."
"O-Oh..."
Blushing, both of them averted their gaze.
"...B-By the way, are you going to tell Ellis and the others?"
"...No, let's wait first..."
"I see..."
Claire chuckled and smiled, pressing her index finger lightly to her cherry lips.
"Very well, I will keep your secret. —A secret between two people."
Her smiling face was so charming that Kamito could not help but stare, mesmerized.

After setting off from Ragna Ys, several hours elapsed.
The flying ship Winged Raptor arrived above the abandoned city.
"It feels quite different, looking at the city from above."
Looking out the window in the control room, Kamito muttered to himself.
The ruins were covered by dense forest. Relying on just moonlight, nothing could be seen at all.
But mere hours earlier, Kamito's group was still blade dancing in this place.
"I remember that the entrance to the underground ruins is located in the abandoned city's central zone."
"It's quite hard to locate from above."
Controlling the stone tablet, Fianna sighed.
"I think it's roughly there. Look, where the flames are burning intensely."
Claire pointed diagonally forward.
Kamito turned his gaze to find flames burning in a radial pattern over there.
"Right. That's where Muir's demon flame spirit, Valaraukar, was rampaging."
The flames shot out in the abandoned city's central zone were still burning intensely even now.
"I can't find any signs of the Theocracy's combat craft. Maybe we passed it along the way?"
"With such poor visibility, it's too difficult to find them. Fianna, could you land over there where it's relatively wide open?"
"I'll try."
Fianna nodded and traced her finger on the stone tablet's surface.
The flying ship then changed direction and slowly landed in the abandoned city's central zone.
The entrance to the underground ruins was inside a shrine where debris was scattered everywhere.
During the battle against Muir's Valaraukar, that was where Rinslet had emerged.
"Ghosts of the abandoned city, rest in peace—Hell Blast!"
The large swarms of Forsaken Spirits that seemed to be guarding the place were wiped out by Restia's wide-area annihilation magic.
The shadow-like Forsaken Spirits instantly vanished into space.
"...Completely merciless."
Hearing Kamito's muttering...
"Those used to be heroes in the past Spirit War. Rather than let them live forever in resentment like that, viciously burying them in this manner would be proper mercy."
Restia lightly closed her dusk-colored eyes.
"So, Kamito—"
"Hmm?"
"If I were to turn into that, please likewise—"
"...Restia, please spare me the unfunny jokes."
Saying that, Kamito wielding the shining sacred sword and started down the stairs that led underground.
"We better hurry. The releasing ritual takes time."
"Also, I'm worried about those two who are staying on the ship."
"Yeah, that's right."
With Kamito in the lead, Fianna and Rinslet followed.
Claire and Ellis had stayed above ground because the flying ship was at risk of being taken away once the Theocracy discovered it. On the other hand, Fianna was needed for the seal-breaking ritual while Rinslet was needed to summon the girl spirit, so they went on the expedition.
Kamito was their bodyguard.
Assuming Sjora Kahn had discovered Iseria's existence through Fenrir's memories, she had likely invaded the underground ruins already.
"This set of ruins is a tomb for spirits."
Fianna touched the surface of the stone wall as she whispered.
"Carved here are the true names of the spirits who fought in the Spirit War."
Restia halted in her steps and nodded in agreement.
The Spirit War.
Far in the distant past, during times immemorial, the Darkness Elemental Lord, Ren Ashdoll, had rebelled against the Five Great Elemental Lords, thus causing a war—That was what everyone said.
"Restia, were you in Ren Ashdoll's army?"
Kamito looked back and asked.
"Yes. In the past, I held the position of leading the army. I also fought that Scarlet Valkyrie many times on the battlefield in the past."
In a rare moment, Restia was murmuring with a pained expression.
...She apparently did not quite want to recall those memories.
"Speaking of which, Restia, you were the one who told Claire about Scarlet's true name."
"Despite my reluctance, it was the only solution at the time. Claire Rouge is not supposed to be able to use that hell cat yet."
"I see..."
Kamito starting walking again.
"I remember that Est was also a spirit weapon—"
In the mean time, he used the sacred sword's glow for illuminating the depths of the road ahead.
"Have you two ever met before?"
"In direct battle, not even once."
Surprisingly, Restia shook her head.
"By her own arbitrary decision, she did not belong to any faction. Both factions of the Elemental Lords and Ren Ashdoll feared the strongest sword spirit. Since the current Miss Sacred Sword did not inherit her memories and power from that time, I could still joke around with her, but to be honest, I would not want to enter a conflict with her original form."
"...Hold on. From what I know, the current Est is already a spirit of the strongest class."
"I have no objections to that statement."
Restia shrugged.
"But don't forget that the sacred sword in your hand is the existence that even the Elemental Lords feared. And that same power is cursing and eating away at you."
"...!"
Kamito suddenly gasped—
His gaze landed on the shining Demon Slayer.
(...Come to think of it, I haven't considered that.)
The legendary sacred sword had vanquished Demon King Solomon in the past.
However, its true form was the cursed demon sword that had taken the Sacred Queen's life.
Although Kamito had considered using the Elemental Lords' miraculous power, which was granted to Blade Dance winners, to lift that curse, however—
(...I can't possibly let that darkness touch Est.)
Lifting Est's curse required coming up with another solution.
While pondering this, Kamito continued advancing through the passage. Shortly after.
The group reached a giant cavern where many passageways branched off.
"I think this place is fine."
"True. With this much space, performing the seal-breaking ritual won't be a problem."
Hearing Rinslet's whispers, Fianna agreed.
"Got it."
Kamito stabbed the sacred sword's blade into the ground and the dazzling light illuminated the surroundings.
"Respond to the summons of your lord, come forth—Georgios!"
Fianna chanted the words for summoning and called forth the knight spirit.
The knight spirit opened up its breastplate. Accompanied by rattling metallic noises, Fianna took out all kinds of cooking equipment.
"This is okay?"
"Yes. With this, I can make a hundred or two without any problem."
Rinslet held a frying pan in one hand with a fire spirit crystal and went to work with great enthusiasm.
Soon, she added butter to the heated pan.
An appetizing sound of sizzling could be heard in the cavern.
"Say, Kamito, what is she doing?"
Restia asked, rather intrigued.
"Yeah, it's for summoning the spirit from last time."
"...Huh?"
She was instantly taken aback.
This expression was quite rare for her.
"How exactly did you come up with this? How could that actually be possible?"
"Well, I also thought the same originally."
The summoning of high ranking spirits required grand rituals taking place over multiple days. This was common sense.
Using pancakes to successfully summon a high ranking spirit was completely unprecedented.
"I also received quite a shock the first time I witnessed it. I felt as though all the basic knowledge and values I learned at the Divine Ritual Institute were uprooted outright."
"Oh well, I'm thinking it's just this spirit that's a bit special..."
Hearing Fianna's astounded murmurings, Kamito smiled wryly.
"...Impossible to believe."
Restia was not wholly convinced.
Soon, the aroma of melted butter wafted out.
"Fufu, cooked to perfection."
Rinslet placed the fried pancake onto a plate.
Steaming hot. With honey dripped on top, it looked very delicious.
"Can I try some?"
"Of course. I will be making many more of them. Please, you too, Miss Darkness Spirit."
"...Given this rare chance, I thank you for your hospitality."
Restia adjusted her skirt hem and sat down beside Kamito.
Gracefully, she sliced the pancake into small pieces and placed one in her mouth.
"...!"
Instantly, her eyes opened wide.
...Bite. Munch munch.
Very quickly, she began to eat without saying a word.
"That's the same reaction as when Est ate beancurd for the first time."
Kamito teased.
"H-How unbecoming..."
Restia coughed and turned her gaze away.
Suddenly, her gaze settled on a spot in the darkness.
"..."
"Restia, what's the matter?"
Kamito frowned and followed her gaze—
"...!"
At the fork ahead, a few trembling strands of hair could be seen.
"C-Could that be..."
"It's Miss Spirit!"
Rinslet stood up and hastily rushed over.
"An Elemental Lord really was summoned using pancakes..."
Restia trembled as she remarked.
...Nom nom nom.
Dressed in a priestess outfit, the girl spirit was happily enjoying the pancakes.
"Rinslet's cakes, so tasty."
"Fufu, eat to your heart's content."
By her side, Rinslet proceeded to make more pancakes for refills.
Looking at the two of them—
(...Indeed, this child is the one.)
Kamito muttered in his mind.
Hair the color of shimmering water with flat bangs. Eyes as clear as lake water.
This appearance was undoubtedly that of the girl whom Kamito had liberated in his past memories.
The Water Elemental Lord—Iseria Seaward.
That face in his memory was exactly the same as the appearance of this girl right here.
Her testimony about being summoned to this place three years ago in a state of amnesia also matched Kamito's memories.
She was transferred to this abandoned city the day that Kamito had failed to assassinate the elemental lords.
However—
(...It's hard to believe. To think this child is an Elemental Lord.)
Kamito was still half-convinced.
He drew close to Restia's ear beside him and whispered:
"Say, is this child really the Water Elemental Lord?"
"Yeah, absolutely no mistake about it."
Restia nodded readily.
"...I see."
Kamito nodded and went over to Fianna's side.
Fianna had already changed into official ritual attire and was preparing the ritual.
She lit a candlestick and drew a giant magic circle on the floor.
"The ritual can start soon?"
"Just hold on a bit. The leyline here is not very stable."
Fianna carved seals on the ground as she answered.
"...If only Est could be used, that'd be so much easier."
Placing his hand on the Demon Slayer's hilt, Kamito muttered.
Although Terminus Est possessed the highest level of spell-lifting properties, when it came to releasing an entire barrier, it could not be complimented for its ease of use.
In order to release an isolation barrier, the carved seal serving as the core of the magic needed to be located and destroyed.
Very likely, there was a core somewhere in these underground ruins—
However, finding it in these ruins would be virtually impossible.
"...Sorry. Could you please wait a while longer."
"I've been waiting here for three years. I'm already used to waiting."
The girl nodded.
"Also, I never expected you guys to return so soon."
"Yeah. Actually, someone is targeting you."
"Targeting me... Could it be those people just now?"
The girl spirit reacted.
"You know something?"
"There were quite a few armed humans who entered these underground ruins. Some of them seemed to be capable of employing spirits."
"...Those are Sjora Kahn's subordinates. They came for you."
The girl spirit sighed.
"They probably plan to capture me to use as a militarized spirit. But unfortunately, even though I have human form, I do not possess a high ranking spirit's power."
(...Not only her memories but even her power as an Elemental Lord were lost after all?)
Was her power currently being restrained by the barrier or did she lose almost all her power when she was liberated from that horrendous darkness?
"...In any case, we better hurry. This place might be found."
Saying that, Kamito focused his attention on the darkness.
—A few minutes later, Fianna had finished her magic circle in the cavern.
The candlestick's flame burned intensely while the pattern drawn on the ground glowed faintly.
The girl spirit in the priestess garb was standing in the center of the pattern.
"I just need to wait here?"
"Yes. In the next part, you might feel some strain, so please endure it."
Fianna waited on the girl spirit. Dressed in the top-class ritual attire, the imperial princess was exuding a sacred aura that Kamito never would have imagined in the past.
(...She really is a princess maiden who was the Queen candidate.)
"Kamito-kun, you're not thinking something impertinent, are you?"
Fianna glared at Kamito.
"Also, Kamito-kun, is it really true? This spirit is—"
"Yes. I was half-skeptical at first, but there's definitely no mistake."
The one who answered was Restia rather than Kamito.
"That child is the Water Elemental Lord's incarnation that was separated."
—After the ritual's preparations were complete, Kamito had revealed the girl spirit's true identity.
Namely, she was the incarnation of the Water Elemental Lord—Iseria Seaward.
Of course, he did not mention the assassination plan from three years ago.
"...Extremely difficult to believe that this child is really the Water Elemental Lord."
"Yes, the same goes for me..."
Unsettled, the girl held Rinslet's hand.
Upon hearing about her true identity, she seemed to be the one in the most shock.
"Darkness spirit, you're not trying to scheme against us, are you?"
"Oh dear, what purpose would that serve? In any case, everything will become clear once that child is unsealed."
Restia effortlessly deflected Fianna's questioning.
"If the true name turns out to be mistaken, the unsealing will fail."
"Let's believe Restia for now, Fianna. This child's existence might prove to be the key to understanding the mystery of the Elemental Lords' madness that Rubia mentioned."
Kamito interrupted.
"...I understand. Seeing as Kamito-kun says so."
Hearing him, Fianna nodded reluctantly.
Holding her palms together, she turned to face the girl spirit.
"Iseria-sama, once the ritual begins, it cannot be stopped midway. May I ask if it is okay?"
"...Understood."
She nodded.
"Kamito, all of you should keep your distance until the ritual ends."
"Yeah, got it."
Pulling the Demon Slayer out from the ground, Kamito retreated to the walls of the cavern.
Fianna slowly stood up—
"—You, Iseria Seaward, shall be liberated from here."
She declared in a clear and pure voice.
The altars at the four corners gave off intense light.
Sparks burst forth from the giant magic circle, piercing Iseria's entire body.
"...! A-Ah, ahhhhhhhhhhh!"
Screaming as though she were struggling, the girl clutched her head with both hands and knelt down in pain.
"Miss Spirit!"
"...Did the ritual fail!?"
Rinslet and Kamito could not suppress the urge to rush over—
"No, Kamito—"
But Restia reached out to stop them.
"That is the strain from releasing the seal. It is evidence that the seal-breaking ritual is succeeding... That princess over there really lives up to her position as a former Queen candidate."
"...O-Ooh... Head... hurts... so much..."
Confronted with the rushing flow of light piercing her, the girl spirit desperately endured.
Her petite body began to tremble slightly.
"...So scary... darkness... is... swallowing... me..."
"...Darkness?"
Hearing the girl's murmurs, Kamito suddenly reacted.
"Could it be that she's remembering her past memories...?"
"Yes, that seems to be the case."
Restia concurred.
—Just at this moment.
"—Heh, well isn't this interesting?"
"...!?"
A voice was heard in the darkness.
Kamito turned his head back—
Only to see the Theocracy's witch, her bright red lips twisted in a sneer.
"Sjora Kahn...!"
"—An amazing coincidence. To think I would run into you here in a place like this."
The Theocracy's witch giggled and walked out of the darkness.
"But regrettably, my target is that spirit. I don't have time to play with you."
"...Is that so?"
Kamito readied the Demon Slayer.
"What happened to Fenrir?"
Kamito demanded with murderous intent.
"—Fufu, if you're asking about that demon wolf, it's right here."
Sjora sneered and chanted a summoning incantation.
Instantly, a blizzard blew in the cavern and a giant wolf appeared out of thin air.
"...!"
But despite resembling Fenrir's appearance, there were decisive differences.
The snow-white fur had turned pitch black and its eyes were bright red like blood.
The demon ice spirit's noble bearing was completely lost, exuding an ominous aura from its entire body.
"Fenrir...!"
"Wait, Rinslet—"
Kamito frantically caught Rinslet by the hand before she could rush over.
"Kamito-san...!"
(...They have seven or eight elementalists?)
Kamito calmly counted the enemies lurking in the darkness.
Sjora Kahn's combat strength was already known, Although she was feared as a demon caster within the Theocracy, what she specialized in was summoning magic. She did not seem to be used to blade dancing with elemental waffen.
Her prowess was far inferior to top elementalists like Muir or Leonora.
(...The problem lies in her subordinates. There's quite a number of them.)
White masks appeared in the darkness. All of them were dressed in crimson military uniforms.
If they were elementalists belonging to the military, their strength should surpass a certain threshold. He could not act recklessly.
While staying alert of Sjora before him, Kamito turned his gaze towards the back.
The seal-breaking ritual continued. Unperturbed by the change in situation, Fianna was focused on offering prayers with her eyes closed.
(...Nothing less from the imperial princess. Calm and composed despite the crisis.)
Kamito curled his tongue.
She trusted in Kamito's group and focused on her own mission.
Iseria was inside the magic circle, appearing to be in great suffering.
"Rinslet, go over to Iseria's side."
"...I-I understand."
Even though she glared at Sjora, Rinslet obediently followed his directions.
"Kamito-san, please... Fenrir—"
"Yeah, I know."
Kamito nodded.
"Restia—"
He called out behind him. The darkness spirit girl proceeded to hold Kamito's hand.
"—I am your sword. Your wish is my command."
Accompanied by the sound of her pure voice, the Vorpal Sword formed itself in Kamito's hand.
—Please don't copy me, darkness spirit.
—Oh dear, Kamito won't like you if you're too petty.
Immediately, the two voices sounded in his mind.
"...I already told you not to argue, right?"
Groaning, Kamito infused his dual swords with divine power.
Holding both swords in a reverse grip, he instantly converted them into small-sized daggers.
Although the power was less per hit, this was more flexible and nimble in a group battle.
"...Using two spirits at once. As expected of the Demon King's successor."
Sjora Kahn smiled with delight.
(...Her tone of voice changed?)
Suddenly, Kamito felt his hair stand on end.
Kamito had heard from Ellis and Rinslet about Sjora Kahn's subtle change.
Back when the battle was in full swing, she suddenly seemed as though she were a different person—
(Indeed, there's something different about the witch compared to before...)
"Although this might be overkill for the sake of targeting one spirit—"
Sjora extended her hand.
"Bringing these girls here turned out to be the right decision."
Instantly, the masked girls advanced with perfect discipline.
"—Master, please issue your orders."
The military uniformed girls spoke in unison.
"Capture the spirit. It's fine to kill the rest. However, do not damage Kazehaya Kamito's body. It belongs to me."
"Affirmative—"
The girls drew their weapons. The blades glowed faintly. They were mithril daggers.
(Those weapons... Are not used by knights. They're assassins!?)
Instantly, the air shook. Kamito could sense it through his skin.
The girls attacked, their breathing in unison—no, there were slight discrepancies in timing.
(...These movements, could they be—!?)
Kamito instantly noticed.
The attack trajectories were unpredictable for ordinary people. These three-dimensional movement skills, treating the walls of the cavern as no different from flat ground, belonged to assassins originating from the Instructional School.
Within the blink of an eye, some of them had circled behind him to surround him from all sides. The naked blades shone in the darkness. Bound to the mithril daggers, steel wires were entangling Kamito's arms and legs.
(...The formation of absolute death!)
This was part of the Instructional School's group tactics. This was a technique developed to allow assassins who were not elementalists to defeat powerful spirit knights. Once tightened completely, Kamito's four limbs were going to be sliced to pieces before he could resist—
(...Don't underestimate me!)
Kamito poured divine power into the Vorpal Sword.
The pitch-black lightning exploded and traveled to the masked girls along the steel wires.
This was an application of the Vorpal Blast—his prided technique as the Strongest Blade Dancer, Ren Ashbell.
(...Only two of them were taken out. Unexpectedly few.)
Kamito counted the number of disappeared presences.
The others had apparently released the steel wires at the last instant. They looked quite highly trained.
With both of his arms free now, Kamito readied his dual swords—
"...Who could have thought that the Theocracy's princess would be rearing assassins from the Instructional School."
Kamito yelled out at Sjora in the passage.
"This group was Rubia Elstein's private army."
The witch shrugged and said:
"That woman took in the Instructional School's orphans to serve as her subordinates. I simply interfered and reeducated them to become the cult's elite troops."
"...So Rubia was being used by the Theocracy as well."
Muttering, Kamito took a step forward.
(...Six of them remain.)
These assassins' average ability was roughly the same as the nobles studying at the Academy.
However, they were experts in killing elementalists.
They were highly proficient in ways to neutralize elementalists.
Possibly, they might even include Cursed Armament Seal test subjects like Jio Inzagi or people with inborn special powers like Muir Alenstarl... They could not be underestimated.
However—
"...I'm not gonna let you harm a single hair of my companions."
"Now that's the Demon King I hoped for."
Sjora snapped her fingers
The pitch-black demon wolf blew an astounding blizzard.
The howling blizzard blew inside the cavern.
Staying by Iseria's side as she endured the pain inside the magic circle, Rinslet clenched her fist tight.
On the other side of the blizzard, she could hear the noise of a beast's roars and weapons clashing.
"Kamito-san...!"
As much as she wanted to rush over, her footsteps faltered.
With her contracted spirit currently lost, Rinslet was nothing more than a powerless girl.
(...I must act stronger. I am the eldest Laurenfrost daughter after all!)
Iseria was trying her best beside Rinslet.
Rinslet could not allow herself to display worry.
In spite of that—
(Fenrir... I beg you... please listen to me!)
The gentle demon ice spirit was baring its fangs and claws at Kamito.
This reality was making Rinslet suffer with heart wrenching pain.
Just at this moment...
She felt someone tug her sleeve.
"...Miss Spirit?"
She suddenly looked back.
...Only to find Iseria reaching out from the center of the magic circle.
"...Rinslet, please. Hold... my... hand..."
While enduring the pain, she squeezed out her words in a moaning voice.
"I-I understand!"
Rinslet swiftly held Iseria's hand.
"Umm, are you okay?"
"Yes... I've begun to recall... memories about myself, a little..."
She spoke while holding Rinslet's hand as hard as she could.
"...I am... the one ruling over the element of water... So... I shall slightly, give you, a bit of power..."
"...Huh?"
Instantly, faint light glowed from Rinslet's right hand.
This was the light of spirit magic, a spirit's strength drawn out by divine power.
"...What on earth happened—"
Rinslet's eyes of greenstone opened wide.
Extraordinary divine power was pouring into her through Iseria's tiny hand.
"This is—!"
"Use my power... to... help, him—"
(This is trickier than imagined—)
Kamito used his dual swords to deflect the numerous steel wires released inside the blizzard.
Fenrir's claws attacked while his view was obscured. The howling wind numbed his hearing and the cold air was gradually sapping Kamito's stamina.
(...I'm reaching my limit in dodging through sensing their presences alone.)
Using the demon sword's blade, he parried the shining claws of ice—
Kamito pulled back from the berserk demon ice spirit.
Simply in terms of defeating it, there were quite a number of opportunities.
However, the opponent was Fenrir. If he used the wrong level of strength, he might kill it.
(The spirit seal carved by the demon spirit should be somewhere—)
He just needed to destroy it using the Demon Slayer.
However, he still could not find a remotely plausible target.
As soon as he exited the range of the blizzard, daggers would immediately flit across his face.
The Instructional School's assassins ambushed Kamito as they continually changed their positions.
ROOOAAAR!
Fenrir's figure suddenly appeared inside the blizzard.
Its giant jaws opened wide before him, releasing cold breath—
(Crap—)
Just at that moment—
Kamito noticed.
(...It's over there!)
At the same time, he sensed presences behind him.
The assassin's magic mithril daggers were nearing his neck.
"...!"
Just as the icy blades touched his neck, in that instant—
"Imprison my enemies in an eternal curse of ice, until the time of judgment—Ice Forest!"
The stern voice shook the air.
Out from the ground, vines of cursed ice turned the assassins surrounding Kamito into ice sculptures.
This was high-level spirit magic for incapacitating multiple targets.
(...Could it actually be Rinslet?)
In a state with her contracted spirit lost, she could not possibly perform this level of spirit magic.
But the voice he heard was unmistakably hers.
Just as the killing intent disappeared behind him—
"If you want to eat my arm, here you go—"
Kamito inserted his right arm into Fenrir's mouth.
Next—
"—I'm relying on you, Est!"
He poured all his divine power into the Demon Slayer.
In the next instant, a flash erupted and the demon ice spirit's entire body was enveloped in light.
Indeed, the cursed spirit seal was carved right on the demon wolf's tongue.
The instant Fenrir opened its huge jaws, Kamito pierced the seal.
The howling blizzard subsided and the cavern's interior returned to silence.
"...Do you still want to continue? Sjora Kahn."
Pulling out the Demon Slayer from the motionlessly standing Fenrir—
Kamito turned his gaze towards the Theocracy's witch.
"..."
There were three subordinates of the Instructional School remaining. Although Sjora had not summoned her demon spirit, Bandersnatch, so long as he stayed wary of her power to steal spirits, there was nothing to fear.
"So be it. Using this body, I have no chance of winning."
Sjora was unexpectedly up front.
She made a gesture to her subordinates.
Once they had swiftly taken away their collapsed companions and disappeared into the darkness, the witch turned towards Kamito again.
"—See you next time. The other Demon King."
Then just as Kamito was thinking she was going to chant some kind of spell—
Sjora vanished into thin air.
"—Fenrir!"
Rushing over, Rinslet hugged Fenrir's giant body.
"...Thank goodness... Finally, you've returned."
Tears appeared in her eyes of greenstone.
She buried her face into the snow-white fur and cried.

Fenrir licked Rinslet's face with his wide tongue.
"...S-So ticklish, seriously..."
"—This is wonderful, Rinslet."
Kamito called out.
"I-It's all thanks to you, Kamito-san!"
This time, Rinslet hugged Kamito.
"...! R-Rinslet...!"
Soft.
A girl's fragrance.
The soft sensation of a bosom was making his heart race.
—At this moment.
"Things have finished on this side as well, Kamito-kun."
Kamito suddenly looked over.
Only to see in the center of the magic circle—
The girl was standing quietly.
"Iseria... Did your memories return?"
The girl nodded politely.
"Yes. I am the Water Elemental Lord—Iseria Seaward."
Solemnly, she announced her name.

After bringing Iseria out from the underground ruins, Kamito's group immediately made their way to the flying ship.
When they converged, Claire and Ellis seemed quite exhausted.
While Kamito's group was fighting Sjora Kahn's side underground, they had defended against ceaseless attacks from Forsaken Spirits above ground.
Even so, the two girls still succeeded in keeping the flying ship safe.
"...Sorry, we returned a bit late. Are you two okay?"
Seeing them collapsed on the deck, Kamito asked.
"Well, I suppose..."
"...I really want to take a hot water bath for a ritual purification."
They answered with exhausted smiles.
Although they did not seem to have suffered any major injuries, they looked quite tired. Scarlet was lying on the floor while Simorgh was resting by the ship in its demon bird form.
"I'll go prepare some nutritious food!"
Rinslet quickly rushed towards the kitchen.
"I'll go get some healing crystals."
Fianna followed closely behind her.
"—The way it looks, we can't take off immediately huh."
Restia leaned against the railing and grumbled.
Indeed, asking Ellis to activate the wind spirit mechanism in her current condition would be pushing it.
"...Sorry, Kamito."
"Don't mind it. I'll stay on watch. You two should rest properly."
Holding the Demon Slayer, Kamito looked down below the railing.
The abandoned city's shadowy ghosts kept swarming under the ship.
"This will be quite tricky..."
At this moment.
"—All we need is to help those two recover their divine power, right?"
Emerging from the cabin, a girl spoke.
"Iseria?"
Everyone present was stunned.
Iseria walked over to Claire and Ellis, extending her hand lightly.
"—O water, heal the souls of pure maidens."
She chanted a short incantation.
Gentle light enveloped the two girls, healing their injuries within the blink of an eye.
"This is...!"
"Our divine power recovered!?"
Ellis and Claire stared in wide-eyed amazement.
Kamito also stared with his eyes wide open. Even Fianna's healing magic could not recover divine power rapidly. Yet this sort of thing was easily achieved by this girl.
"...I see. It appears that I can still use this level of magic as usual despite having lost my power."
Iseria murmured softly as though confirming her power.
She looked at Ellis' dumbfounded face.
"Have you recovered?"
"Yes. I can feel my body filled with divine power."
"Wonderful. Then let's start the flying ship—"
Iseria turned over to Kamito:
"—I have things to say to you all."
"...Th-This child is the Water Elemental Lord!?"
The first to speak and cry out in astonishment was Claire.
In the ship's most spacious room, Kamito's group had gathered at a long table to hold a conference. On the table were snacks and tea that Rinslet had specially prepared, giving off an elegant fragrance.
"...We have no choice but to accept this."
Fianna sighed and nodded.
"The seal-breaking ritual is ritual magic that involves unsealing a spirit's true name. This is Iseria Seaward-sama without a doubt."
The ship had already entered a stable course and did not require fine control.
Hence, since the driving mechanism's spirit crystal was successfully activated, Fianna and Ellis could temporarily join them in this gathering.
The task of staying vigilant of the surroundings was entrusted to Restia.
"H-However..."
Claire still found it difficult to believe.
The one in question, Iseria, stayed by Rinslet's side and drank tea.
Whenever she popped a snack in her mouth, her shimmering watery hair would quiver. She looked absolutely adorable.
She quietly put down her teacup.
"Despite being an Elemental Lord, I am currently just a manifested avatar."
"Manifested avatar?"
"Yes. My memories are still incomplete while virtually all of my power resides in the main body. Although simple spirit magic can be used, it's a far cry from my original power."
"...Similar to the current Est."
Casting his gaze to the spirit seal on his right hand, Kamito muttered... That said, her power to instantly heal Claire and Ellis still surpassed ordinary spirits by far.
"...However, why were you sealed in that kind of place, Your Majesty the Elemental Lord?"
Ellis voiced her puzzlement.
"...I don't quite remember."
The girl shook her head.
"But three years ago, something definitely happened. Someone rescued the insane me, imprisoned in the darkness—"
"...!"
Kamito almost spurted tea from his mouth.
Iseria looked over at him with surprise.
Luckily, she did not seem to have noticed—
(The insane Elemental Lords huh...)
The existence that had swallowed Restia and contaminated the Darkness Elemental Lord Ren Ashdoll inside her.
—The Darkness Beyond This World.
"That darkness made the Elemental Lords insane?"
"...Yes."
As Iseria nodded, her fingers trembled slightly.
"Nee-sama was speaking the truth..."
Claire murmured.
"But what is it actually? The darkness parasitizing the Elemental Lords—"
"—It is an otherworldly existence impossible to put into words."
"...Otherworld?"
Everyone present was shocked.
"Uh, umm, what..."
"Exactly as the words imply, a third realm that is neither the human world or Astral Zero. Why this thing was summoned, and when and by whom, I do not know—"
"Neither the human world or Astral Zero, a third..."
Completely absurd. The Divine Ritual Institute and the Spirit Investigation Association both denied the existence of other worlds.
However—
Kamito had seen that darkness with his own eyes.
The root source of the miraculous power granting all Wishes.
The existence that devoured even the Elemental Lords ruling over Astral Zero—
"...Hard to believe. But even though it's hard to believe..."
Claire's lips trembled.
"But Nee-sama did call it 'something beyond this world'—"
"..."
The scene was plunged into silence. The truth recounted by the Elemental Lord herself had made everyone speechless.
Finally—
"...From this point, the main topic begins."
Iseria brought up a new topic.
The room instantly entered a tense state.
"I have one question for you all. Why do you think that this Blade Dance festival was held, continuing all this time, over the past few centuries?"
"...?"
Faced with this sudden question, Kamito's group looked at one another.
"Isn't it for pleasing the Elemental Lords?"
"Yes, but that is simply one side of the festival."
Saying that, Iseria shook her head.
"The Blade Dance is the system that we Elemental Lords devised to keep our madness in check. Over the past few centuries, only by using the miraculous power beyond this world, imparted upon humans, were we able to stabilize our minds—"
"A system to calm the Elemental Lords..."
Fianna murmured in shock.
"Whenever the darkness' corrosion deepened, we would inform the human realm to hold a Blade Dance, hoping that one day, the darkness eating away at us could be completely purified. In fact, the system proved to be very effective—Until now."
"..."
The meaning of the Blade Dance. This truth caused everyone to hold their breath.
The Blade Dance system was established several centuries ago.
—In other words, at least a few centuries earlier, the otherworldly darkness had already corrupted the Elemental Lords, gradually sending their minds into disarray.
"Yes. The recent Blade Dance festivals failed to function completely. It is unknown whether it's due to a flaw in the original design or if it had been tampered with. But undoubtedly, it resulted in the Elemental Lords going out of control."
...This finally began to make sense.
Indeed, there were far too many irregularities in the latest Blade Dance.
A mere three-year interval since the previous festival. The participation of a monster like Nepenthes Lore. Choosing the abandoned city as the match grounds—
It all implied that the Blade Dance system was showing flaws.
"We can no longer count on the Blade Dance festival's purifying effects. If we Elemental Lords continue to be eaten away by the otherworldly darkness, we will surely destroy the world ourselves in the end. Whether this Astral Zero or the human realm—"
"How could this...!"
Claire could not help but stand up from her chair.
—The world's destruction.
Suddenly confronted with this kind of thing, no wonder she was unable to remain calm.
"In other words, the otherworldly darkness will destroy Astral Zero?"
Kamito had not expected the darkness itself to possess a will—
"It has nothing to do with the darkness' will. But our madness will eventually bring about destruction."
...Indeed, this was not idle talk.
There was the tragedy of Dylus which led to Rubia Elstein's betrayal.
If those kinds of incidents happened repeatedly—
"—So, I have one request."
Iseria brought it up slowly.
"Request?"
"In the meeting tomorrow, you all will have a chance to have a direct audience with the Elemental Lords."
(Could it be...!)
Kamito suddenly held his breath.
"—Using that opportunity, liberate the Elemental Lords who are imprisoned by the otherworld's darkness."
"...!"
Everyone looked at one another.
"...C-Can that kind of thing be done?"
Rinslet asked.
"Impossible. That kind of thing—"
"After all, we're just students..."
"I will assist."
Iseria interrupted.
"Otherwise, the world will be swallowed by that darkness—"
"..."
"Meeting you all at that abandoned city was perhaps not coincidence. I can only entrust this world's fate to you all—"
The Water Elemental Lord spoke with an extremely critical expression.
(Assassinating the elemental lords huh...)
Kamito recalled in his mind the memories from that day, three years ago.
(...Back then, I failed once.)
Lost Restia—
The will of Ren Ashdoll inside her had been contaminated.
Kamito looked over at each of the girls in turn in their shaken state.
"...Let us think about this for a bit first."
Finally, he spoke.
"No problem. But I hope you can give an answer before having an audience tomorrow."
The Water Elemental Lord's eyes gazed straight at Kamito.

The sky was getting bright. Kamito's entourage returned to the castle at Ragna Ys.
Entrusting Iseria with Rinslet for now, Kamito returned to his room.
There was a mountain of problems he had no choice but to think about.
Even so, Kamito could not resist the onslaught of drowsiness and fell on the bed, catching up on lost sleep.
It really had been quite a while since he was last able to sleep so deeply.
...Several hours later, Kamito finally woke up from his nap.
"Ah, mmm..."
"Huah..."
Every time he tossed and turned, he could hear cute sounds faintly.
(Hmm, a dream...?)
Still half asleep, Kamito cocked his head.
There seemed to be soft sensations on both of his arms.
(What is this? Feels so comfortable...)
Kamito absentmindedly grabbed what was in front of him.
Boing boing. Boing boing.
"...Mmm, Kami... to, that's..."
"...Stop... that, don't..."
As soon as he moved, a faint breath swept over his neck.
(...Wait, this is no dream!?)
Kamito suddenly opened his eyes—
"Oh dear, you're already getting up?"
Restia was looking at him mischievously.
"R-Restia!"
Kamito's face instantly felt hot.
She was dressed only in underwear, accompanying Kamito in bed.
"W-What, w-what are you doing!?"
"I am your contracted spirit, Kamito. Isn't sharing the same bed only natural?"
Murmuring, she pressed her modest but bouncy bosom against him.
Her black hair draped over her face. The shoulder clasp of her bra was undone, looking especially seductive.
"Okay, let's continue sleeping."
"H-Hey..."
She entwined her slender arm around Kamito's arm.
At this moment, his other arm was being tightly gripped.
"...Eh?"
"Kamito, please leave the darkness spirit."
Words like cold steel.
Shiny silver-white hair. Snow-white skin the color of fresh milk.
On the other side, the naked kneesocks sword spirit was also accompanying him in bed.
"E-Est...!"
"Kamito is my master."
Est hugged his arm tightly. Her petite and cute chest pressed against his arm.
"...Wah!"
"Oh dear, Miss Sacred Sword, you should be the one to leave Kamito instead, right?"
This time, Restia pulled Kamito to her side, squeezing his arm between her cleavage.
"...W-Wait!"
"Fufu, Kamito, your body is stiffening up."
"Kamito, with me as your sword, isn't that enough already?"
Sweet whispers were delivered to his ears from both sides. Their exhaled breaths swept across his neck.
(Th-This is a spirit sandwich...!)
This sentence surfaced in his mind.
"Over here, Kamito."
"Kamito, don't be tempted."
Boing. Boing boing.
"N-No, this cannot continue...!"
Suddenly.
"Kamito, the celebration is about to begin—"
The room's door opened.
"...!"
Making an appearance—
Were Claire and the young ladies, shocked the moment they opened the door.
"Y-You, y-you, what are you doing, Kamito?"
"To do something so shameless in the Divine Ritual Institute's castle, how bold..."
"Th-The spirits are so sly!"
"...Kamito-kun, I cannot tolerate this."
Rumble rumble rumble rumble rumble rumble rumble rumble...!
"N-No, this is—
Embraced by two almost naked spirits in bed, Kamito tried to explain himself in vain.
Evening. Having changed into a suit, Kamito was attending the victory celebration party held at the Grand Shrine.
Gathered in the spacious hall were nobles from the various countries, enthusiastically conversing about the Blade Dance.
After the earlier incident, Est had went back to sleep in sword form. Kamito leaned her against a wall.
After all, carrying a sword was not appropriate for a banquet. But if he placed her there, at least he could keep her in sight throughout his time there.
Restia had disappeared off who knows where again. Oh well, given how willful she always behaved, she was probably going to suddenly return again.
"Team Scarlet's male elementalist..." "Reportedly defeated Ren Ashbell-sama—" "Although he's a bit scary, should we go greet him?" "N-No way, once you approach, you'll be enslaved by his demonic qualities." "But he's a bit handsome..."
The young noblewomen were chattering nonstop as they watched Kamito from afar.
The members of the winning team were the guests of honor. Being the center of attention could not be helped—
"L-Let's go, Kamito."
"Oh okay..."
Arm in arm with Kamito, Claire passed through the crowds.
Her slightly bulging chest was touching his arm, causing his heart to race.
Claire's formal dress was plain yet extremely beautiful.
It was a simple dress with a rose decorating the bodice. The pure white of its base color offered excellent contrast that brought out Claire's crimson hair and ruby eyes.
(...Damn she's really cute when she's not talking.)
Kamito blushed, turning his gaze away from the boldly open neckline.
The Blade Dance participants had all gathered to the center of the great hall.
There were a few familiar faces but Team Inferno was nowhere to be found.
Kamito was thinking he might be able to see Muir—
"Oh, isn't this Kamito?"
At this moment, greeting without reserve was—
"Ah, hi, Shao—"
It was Shao Fu of the Four Gods. Despite being on opposing teams, their relations were enough to converse without reserve.
Shao was wearing a traditional Quina Empire outfit with a bold, high-slit design.
"You're still wearing combat clothing for a celebration?"
"This isn't combat clothing. It's formal attire."
Shao smiled wryly and shrugged.
"S-Sorry..."
"Oh well, it does resemble what I wear during blade dancing, so calling it combat clothing isn't wrong. However, the fabric is a bit different."
Saying that, Shao flipped her skirt hem to display her outstretched leg.
"...G-Girls should pay more attention in this area!"
Kamito frantically reminded her.
"Girls... To think that's the first time someone referred to me that way."
Shao muttered with her face all red in response.
Suddenly—
"Muu, Shao! Bring me some of that cake over there!"
From a distance, the voice of a slightly familiar imperial princess was heard.
"Oh, Linfa-sama is calling me. So, farewell, Kamito. Should you visit the Quina Empire in the future, come visit the residences of the Four Generals' families. You are definitely welcome."
"Yeah."
The two shook hands to say farewell.
"...~!"
For some reason, Claire was glaring unhappily from beside him.
"...My, aren't you close with that Shao Fu?"
"Well, after all, she's a good opponent, worthy of respect."
"...Hmph."
Claire pouted with displeasure.
"Is that really all? Kazehaya Kamito—"
"...Huh?"
Kamito turned his head towards the voice—
Only to find a noble lady in a lovely dress standing behind him.
"Y-You're Leonora!?"
"Hmm, how rude. Is this attire really that ludicrous?"
"N-No it's not...!"
Kamito frantically shook his head.
"It's just that I'm used to the military uniform of the Dragon Knights. Uh, it's a bit surprising..."
If he really had to give his honest opinion, Leonora in a dress was so beautiful that he could not help but gasp.
A bodice decorated with ribbons. A violet one-piece dress revealing her shoulders, completely accentuating the curves of her excellent figure without reservation.
At this moment—
Kamito suddenly realized something.
"...Say, are you not wearing that currently?"
"W-Wait a sec, what kind of question is this!?"
Claire was completely stupefied.
"...No, given this rare occasion, I wore the underwear you picked."
Leonora blushed as she replied.
"The underwear I picked... Y-You mean the swimsuit?"
Probably, she meant the swimsuit she was wearing at the Water Elemental Festival before the final round.
Kamito remembered that it was a swimsuit that could be worn as underwear as well—
...Inexplicably, as soon as he became aware that she was wearing a swimsuit under the dress, he began to imagine all sorts of strange things.
"W-Why are you staring at my body! Pervert, what a pervert!"
Leonora glared at Kamito as if he were an insect.
"Y-You, y-you, even Leonora also..."
Rumble rumble rumble rumble... Claire's hair was standing up like flames.
"Hold on, don't jump to conclusions! I just wanted to thank you."
"...Thank?"
Leonora tilted her head in puzzlement.
"At the Lost Cathedral, you helped out Ellis and Rinslet."
"That was only to return your favor. There is no need for thanks."
"Even so, it still was a great help. Thanks."
Kamito extended his hand—
Then Leonora shook it without hesitation.
Her expression relaxed.
"...How funny."
"Hmm?"
"Before encountering you, I never could have imagined I would shake a man's hand."
"I-I see..."
Her direct gaze caused his heart rate to rise.
"I look forward to a future blade dance with you again."
Saying that, Leonora turned her heel and left.
Seeing her majestic and gallant figure, Kamito could not help but stare mesmerized—
"Seriously, what are you gawking at? Let's go."
Hence, Claire resolutely dragged him away.
Offerings to the Elemental Lords were enshrined in the depths of the great hall. An altar was set up there with the five Queens performing a solemn dance currently.
"A chance to see the Queens' dance performance is quite precious. Kamito, you should pay attention and watch carefully."
"Yeah. Reicha is very pretty too."
Dancing in front of the flames, Reicha looked completely different from when she was talking to Kamito's group.
Kamito exclaimed in earnest as he watched.
"...~T-To think you would ogle the Queens with such indecent eyes, what a pervert!"
"Y-You're the one who asked me to watch!"
"I didn't ask you to stare in obsession!"
He ended up causing Claire to sulk and pout.
At this moment.
"Onii-sama!"
Someone hugged Kamito from behind.
"M-Mireille..."
Hugging him was Mireille in a cute one-piece dress.
The Laurenfrost family's third daughter was gazing up at Kamito with lovely deep blue eyes.
"Onii-sama, you brought back Onee-sama's Fenrir, right? Thank you!"
She hugged him tightly again.
"Nah, saving Fenrir was thanks to Rinslet's resolve."
Kamito smiled wryly and lightly caressed her platinum blonde hair.
Stroking, stroking.
"...Hua, Onii-sama is really..."
Mireille partially closed her eyes in comfort.
"O-Ooh~..."
Claire's displeased voice could be heard from beside him.
Next—
"Seriously, Mireille, so you ran over here."
Rinslet hurried over in her formal dress.
"Rinslet... So pretty."
Kamito could not help but exclaim.
Rinslet was wearing a blue dress with a mature design exposing the shoulders.
Her dazzling platinum blonde hair shone like bright starlight in the night sky.
"W-What are you talking about, Kamito-san!?"
Her face instantly turning bright red, Rinslet looked as though she was going to emit steam.
"Fufu, this is great, Onee-sama. And here was Onee-sama, talking about Onii-sama nonstop ever since she got back to the room this morning—Kyah!"
At this moment, maid Milla appeared without notice and pulled Mireille away from Kamito.
"So annoying, Milla is so stubborn. But I'll have you know that when Milla makes Onii-sama's bed, she sniffs the sheets... Mugugu."
"Mireille, you need some strict schooling."
"Mugugu... Muu~"
The muffled Mireille was dragged off to somewhere unknown.
"...Milla has become quite a capable maid."
Kamito nodded for a while, greatly impressed.
"Say, where's Carol?"
Then he realized that Rinslet's maid was missing.
"Carol stayed in the room. Together with Iseria-sama."
"...Really? Speaking of being with Carol, that feels worrying."
Kamito began to worry and mutter.
"...Ahhh, free at last."
At this moment, Fianna walked over with a haggard expression.
"Thank you for your hard work. Sorry to shove this troublesome task to you."
"Don't mind it. Just reward me with La Parfait cookies."
"...Yeah, got it."
Claire shrugged.
Fianna had gone over to where the Ordesia Empire's nobles and VIPs were gathered in order to greet them as the team's representative.
This was supposed to be the job of the team leader, Claire, but there were many nobles who viewed her with disdain as the Calamity Queen's sister. Hence, the imperial family's Fianna went in her stead.
The one tasked with this responsibility, Fianna was dressed in an extravagant dress sewn with silver threads.
She had a silver bracelet on her slender arm. On her head was a gemmed tiara.
"The way you look is really like a true princess."
"I am a true princess originally. Say, were you trying to praise me?"
Pressing a finger to her cheek, the princess inclined her head.
"...Hmm, K-Kamito, you are here."
This time, Ellis appeared.
She was wearing a black dress that boldly exposed her back.
Combined with her hair let down, she exuded even more mature airs than usual.
As soon as she met gazes with Kamito, Ellis turned her eyes away in embarrassment.
...Somehow, the way she acted felt a bit strange.
"Ellis, what's the matter?"
She looked down and fiddled with her fingers awkwardly.
(Ellis' grandfather... is Duke Fahrengart, right?)
He was the head of the Fahrengart family as well as being the Empire's premier military consultant.
An exalted noble who commanded the Ordesia Imperial Knights.
"Could it be that Duke Fahrengart was not satisfied with the victory?"
"U-Um, not that, but..."
Ellis stammered.
"Seeing your performance in the Blade Dance, grandfather sees you as, uh, a s-suitor for a marriage contract..."
Her voice grew smaller and smaller... The last part was virtually inaudible.
"...Hmm?"
Kamito perked his ears in surprise.
—At this moment.
"...!?"
He felt a sharp pain from the seal on his left hand.
"Kamito, what's wrong?"
"...Sorry, I'm going outside for some air."
"Huh? W-Wait..."
"I'm coming back soon!"
Parting ways with Claire and the girls, Kamito slipped into the crowd and disappeared within the blink of an eye.
As though guided by the pain on his left hand—
Kamito walked over to the terrace outside the Grand Shrine.
The cold air of the night brushed against his face softly.
There was no one on the terrace.
(...A barrier for driving people away huh.)
Guided by his left hand, he went directly to the terrace.
Suddenly, on the railing—
The black winged angel in the dress of darkness descended lightly.
"Sorry for calling you out in the middle of the celebration, Kamito."
"No, I was thinking of getting some fresh air actually."
Kamito leaned against the railing.
"Is it okay for you to appear in this kind of place?"
The Sacred Spirit Knights led by Luminaris were inside the Grand Shrine. Since they were targeting Restia, appearing here might be dangerous.
"No problem. The Holy Kingdom of Lugia cannot make their move in a densely crowded place like here."
"That's true."
"Also, should anything happen, you'll protect me, Kamito."
Restia got down from the railing and drew near Kamito's face.
Then—
"Kamito, have you reached a conclusion?"
"..."
What conclusion? —He did not ask this question.
"Very soon, you will be having an audience."
"...I know."
The answer was already decided.
Assuming Iseria Seaward's words were true—
Destruction would one day come to the world unless the Elemental Lords were liberated from that darkness.
However, it was true that he still could not dispel his confusion.
(...I am afraid.)
Afraid of losing something precious again.
(...I am not as strong as Rubia Elstein.)
He did not have the resolve to give up everything for the continent's future.
"...It's worrying. Will the Demon King's power awaken again?"
The Demon King's power was suppressed by the Darkness Queen, Claire, for the time being.
But Rubia had said that the Demon King's power had not vanished.
Tempted by Ren Ashdoll's voice again, Kamito could end up losing his reason.
"—Don't worry. You have me here."
Restia placed her hand on top of Kamito's hesitating hand.
"Kamito, no matter what decision you make, I will stay with you."
Her sorrowful dusk-colored eyes stared at Kamito.
"—So, you must make a decision you won't regret."
"...!"
Kissing him lightly on the cheek, she took off.
"...Farewell."
Leaving black feathers under the night sky, the darkness spirit flew away.
"...Restia."
The moon was obscured by clouds.
—The moment to make a decision was approaching.
(...A decision I won't regret, huh.)
On the way back from the terrace—
"Kamito... Hey, Kamito."
"Hmm?"
He suddenly found his collar grabbed from behind.
"...Jeez, where did you go?"
It was Claire... Apparently, she came to search for him.
"Sorry..."
"You were talking with the darkness spirit, right?"
Saying that, she looked towards the terrace.
As expected of a Queen's younger sister, her senses were rather sharp.
"Yeah, you're right."
"..."
After he admitted honestly, Claire pouted slightly.
"Hey, Kamito—"
Suddenly, she drew her face near.
"W-What...?"
Recalling the kiss just now, Kamito wavered to some extent.
"I don't have a partner. Let's dance?"
"You're pretty cute when you don't speak. I'm sure you could find a couple of partners—"
"There's no one I want to dance with, idiot. B-But... I-If it's you, I guess it's fine."
She glanced up as she murmured.
"...Then I'm really honored."
"O-Okay, lead the dance."
Claire held both of Kamito's hands and leaned her petite body close to him.
Kamito's heart was pounding uncontrollably. Due to his height, he was catching a top view of her slightly bulging chest beneath the dress.
"I don't know any proper dance steps."
Turning his gaze away, Kamito put one hand on her waist.
"Fine, I'll take the lead then."
"Okay..."
Claire took over the job of leading the dance without any fuss.
As expected of a daughter from a noble family. Her dance steps were quite flawless.
Through intimate skin contact, sensations of body warmth and a feminine body's suppleness were transmitted.
Kamito found it difficult not to feel conscious of it.
At this moment—
"Kamito, listen to me—"
Claire whispered by his ear.
"That matter... I have already committed to my decision."
"...Is that so?"
Kamito nodded lightly.
"Nee-sama intended to save the continent's future on her own. Although her method was wrong... I want to inherit Nee-sama's will."
"...If you fail, you lose your life."
"I know."
Claire nodded with a serious expression.
They stopped in a corner of the great hall.
"But it's already decided."
She released her hand lightly and turned her head.
Over there —
Was the trio of Fianna, Ellis and Rinslet.
Everyone nodded with an expression of resolve.
"Everyone..."
"—Let's liberate the Elemental Lords and save the continent."
Claire declared without hesitating.
(...Yeah. My teammates. This is the way it is.)
Kamito smiled wryly.
Serious, prideful, magnificent, very dazzling.
They were quite attractive—girls.
He could not help but feel proud of having fought together alongside them in the Blade Dance.
Facing them, Kamito—
"Yeah."
He made a slight nod.
—His decision was made.

—This was fine.
The girl murmured to herself.
...While flying through the dark night.
...While recalling the final sensation on her lips as she parted with him just now.
—This was fine... With this, I can finish my mission.
The tears falling on her cheeks scattered in the wind.
Inside her heart, she was about to awaken.
The Darkness Elemental Lord—Ren Ashdoll.
Her will, corrupted by the otherworldly darkness, was surely going to turn him into the Demon King.
If that were to pass, then all hope would be lost.
The Elemental Lords would be devoured by the otherworldly darkness completely, thereby bringing about the end of the world.
—That absolutely cannot be allowed to happen.
If he and the world where he lived were to be protected—
Before dawn while the moon was still about—
Kamito's team was summoned to the ritual for gaining an audience.
After performing a ritual purification thoroughly, everyone changed into brand new uniforms.
The Academy's uniform was a simplified version of spirit attire. As ritual attire, its class was not particularly high, but wearing the combat outfits used in the Blade Dance in the meeting ritual had already become customary.
Led by the five Queens, Kamito's group arrived before the door in the Grand Shrine's depths.
Connected to the alternate dimension—the door of the Endless Corridor.
Probably nervous, none of them spoke.
(...That door is exactly the same as what I remember from three years ago.)
Kamito muttered to himself mentally.
"—Please pass through this door and walk forward. However, do not take any detours off the path and do not turn back. Otherwise, you will end up wandering the Endless Corridor forever."
After nodding to the Queens, Kamito's group stepped through the door.
—The corridor stretched endlessly.
Walking nonstop along this Endless Corridor that confused one's sense of distance...
They arrived before the gates of the throne room.
Kamito halted in his steps.
"It's already okay now."
"Yes, this is an isolated alternate dimension. No one can eavesdrop."
Fianna nodded and agreed.
Liberating the Elemental Lords from the otherworldly darkness that was beyond this world.
However, things were not that simple.
Rubia Elstein had planned to use the Demon King's power to destroy the Elemental Lords together with the darkness.
However, once the Elemental Lords were destroyed, Astral Zero and even the human realm were going to suffer a devastating blow.
That sort of method could not be accepted no matter what.
Furthermore, if Kamito relied on the Demon King's power—
(...The contaminated her was going to summon that darkness to the world, right?)
Hence, it was necessary to liberate the Elemental Lords without using the Demon King's power.
The key lay in the Water Elemental Lord's manifested avatar, Iseria Seaward.
Whether she was able to awaken the Elemental Lords' remaining sanity—
Shall determine their success.
A risky plan as though walking on thin ice.
Upon failure, more lives were going to be lost in addition to Kamito's.
"Final check. Is it really okay?"
"—Don't make me repeat myself, Kamito."
Claire shook her head and asserted firmly.
"Knights do not go back on a made decision."
"My decision is already made."
"I also believe in you, Kamito-kun."
Ellis, Rinslet and Fianna all nodded respectively.
—I am your sword, your will is my command.
—Kamito, our fates are as one.
Held in his hands, the dual swords replied.
"Got it. Let's go—"
With a forceful nod, Kamito opened the gate to the throne room.
The giant staircase appeared before Kamito's group.
The thrones at the top were surrounded by dazzling light and impossible to see.
Kamito gripped the Demon Slayer.
Freeing all the Elemental Lords would not be realistic.
(—The target is the Fire Elemental Lord, Volcanicus.)
Despite being in a state of suspended activity currently, he was actually the Elemental Lord who was corrupted the most by the darkness.
Should his madness flare up again, Volcanicus would most likely demand Claire as a sacrifice again.
Led by Kamito, Team Scarlet climbed the great staircase step by step.
Invisible blades concealed in their hearts.
At the altar midway along the stairs, Kamito's group knelt down.
—Quite an outstanding blade dance from you all.
The Elemental Lords' voices were heard overhead.

—We shall bestow an otherworldly miracle to reward your most excellent offerings.
—What do you desire?

"We—"
Kamito slowly looked up.
Then he repeated the same Wish from three years ago.

"—We wish for the death of the Elemental Lords."

In that instant...
Darkness surged out from the bright light at the thrones.
Unlike the comforting darkness of night—
This was an otherworldly darkness that was not supposed to exist in this world.
"That is the elemental lords' Wish—!"
Claire's terrified moan leaked out of her throat.
A large amount of darkness flowed out from the thrones, slowly immersing the stairs like flowing blood.
"—It's begun. The Elemental Lords' assassination!"
Yelling at the same time, Kamito formed elemental waffen in his hands and climbed the massive staircase all at once.
During the few seconds when the Elemental Lords' miracle was correcting the paradox of their own deaths...
They had to seize this chance to end everything—!
"Come on out, the beast of the freezing fangs of ice—Fenrir!"
Behind him, Rinslet summoned Fenrir.
The giant white wolf leapt using the tenacious leg strength, reaching Kamito's side.
ROOAAR!
Fenrir howled. It wide open jaws released ice and snow.
No. What came out was not only a blizzard.
"Elemental Lords! If your minds still remain, listen to my voice—!"
The howling blizzard blew and scattered that hair, the color of shimmering water—
Appearing out from Fenrir's mouth, Iseria Seaward yelled.
"Do it now... While I... summon their consciousness...!"
The darkness spilling out stopped for an instant.
Was it because Iseria's voice reached the sliver of rationality remaining in the Elemental Lords—?
"Ohhhhhhhhh!"
The Demon Slayer and the Vorpal Sword.
Wielding the dual swords of light and darkness, Kamito took a leap.
The thrones were covered by the horrendous otherworldly darkness.
A burning flame was there. Kamito definitely saw it.
Sweeping away the surging darkness, he ran in one breath.
"—Wake up, Fire Elemental Lord."
Shining with silver-white brilliance, the Demon Slayer sliced through the darkness occupying the throne.
The sacred sword's blade, pierced the fire burning in the darkness—
—O child of darkness—
"...!?"
Just at this moment, the voice came.
Tempting Kamito to awaken as the Demon King, her voice.
(...How could this... be possible...!?)
Kamito was dumbfounded.
"...!"
Against his will, his body froze in posture with the Demon Slayer still extended.
Unable to move. It was as though the words sounding in his head were binding him.
The silver-white blade for freeing the Elemental Lord still had not reached its target.
Time stopped.
—O Demon King... Go on and release the true darkness—
"...A-Ah, ahhhhhhhhhhhh!"
In the next instant, Kamito's consciousness was swallowed by the otherworldly darkness.
(...This place... is...?)
Kamito was continuously sinking in bottomless darkness.
Eternal darkness without any boundaries.
Even the Demon Slayer's brightness had instantly disappeared.
(...Is this inside my consciousness? Or perhaps—)
His body was falling without end. Impossible to resist.
(Where, am I going—)
Even that kind of question was disappearing like smoke.
His mind was being eroded. Even thought was about to be abandoned.
Before that, in the depths of the darkness—
Kamito saw that.
(What... That's...)
His entire body trembled in fear.
Inside this darkness that was not supposed to exist in this world, something was restless.
Neither spirit nor human.
Those were countless—
(...Angels?)
That name suddenly appeared in his mind.
A fairy tale existence that did not exist in this world.
It—
An army of thousands, tens of thousands, preparing to climb out of the darkness.
(That's the true form of the despair that Rubia saw...)
The worst prediction flashed through his mind.
(...If those things entered Astral Zero—)
The world was going to end.
At this moment—
"—Don't worry, Kamito."
He heard a voice.
(...?)
This was not the voice of the contaminated Ren Ashdoll.
The owner of the voice was smiling in front of Kamito's eyes.
"Res... tia...?"
The demon sword he was gripping in his left hand and disappeared without him noticing.
She spread both arms—
And embraced Kamito who had been falling nonstop.
The infinite darkness devouring Kamito disappeared.
As he regained his senses—
Kamito found himself standing before the Elemental Lords' thrones.
Before his eyes was Restia's face, smiling as though in a dream.
Her lovely lips were trembling lightly.
"Miss Sacred Sword. I apologize. For pushing this mission on you."
"...!"
The Demon Slayer was giving off dazzling brilliance.
Its cold blade—
Had pierced Restia's chest directly.
"...Restia?"
Kamito stared wide-eyed and muttered hoarsely.
"...W... HY..."
"It's very... simple, Kamito..."
Breathing extremely feebly, Restia shook her head.
"Once Ren Ashdoll's will is destroyed, you will no longer become the Demon King. Hence, I hoped to be killed the instant her will took over me."
"Why... would..."
From the very start—
From the very start, she had already decided to do this, right?
By her own efforts alone. Personally sending Ren Ashdoll's will to the grave.
Fingers trembling, she released the hilt of the sword stabbed inside her body.
"—A final farewell, Kamito."
Tears streamed down her cheeks.
"Miss Sacred Sword, please protect... Kamito well..."
"Restia... RESTIAAAAAAAA!"
At the same moment when the Demon Slayer lost its brightness...
The figure of the darkness spirit girl vanished.
—END.

—No matter what decision you make, I will stay with you.
Thank you very much to everyone who is holding this book in their hands. I hereby present to you, the eleventh installment of Seirei Tsukai no Blade Dance, Elemental Lord Assassination!
Okay, after persisting for so long, the 'Blade Dance festival arc' finally draws to a close in this volume. However, because this is just the end of the second arc, (there are still tons of mysteries and unresolved foreshadowing), the main story will continue to keep coming!
Next are the acknowledgements. To Sakurahanpen-sensei who has again drawn the cover and illustrations beautifully, many thanks. A Claire with a radiant expression is very adorable.
To Hyoujou Issei-sensei who is producing the super high quality manga version, I see that Est finally makes her appearance in the story. As a reader, I look forward to reading it every month.
Narita-san, the editor in charge, thank you for taking care of me this time as well.
Of course, my greatest thanks go to everyone of you, the readers!
Next, let's talk about my recent news as the author. In February, there was an opportunity for me to visit Taiwan for an autograph session. The passion of Taiwan fans are no less than those in Japan, so amazing. Everyone was very friendly and the food was great. What a wonderful experience. If another chance comes along, I really want to visit again.
On the work side, I am participating as a player in the TRPG replay of Fujimi Shobo x MediaFactory joint venture 'GranCrest.' The MF Bunko J side had Hirasakayomi-sensei, Sagarasou-sensei, Suzuri-sensei as well as Shimizu participating. It feels like it's going to be a very interesting replay. I'm so looking forward to it.
Finally, we have the customary popularity contest results (up to Volume 10). The first and second place are dominated by overwhelming votes for the spirit combo, Est and Restia. 3rd place is Kamito, 4th is Leonora, 5th is Claire, 6th is Fianna, 7th is Rinslet, 8th is Ellis, 9th is Rubia, 10th is Scarlet. As usual, 5th to 8th place was a huge free-for-all with very small differences. I will treasure the survey comments so please continue to send them in.
—So, the next volume is the beginning of the 3rd arc: 'Spirit War.' When I first started the series, I planned to end things with the third arc so it's quite gratifying to finally reach this stage. Using "more love, more comedy, battles above all!" as the goal, I've charged forward to this point. Here on, I hope to continue receiving everyone's support!

Shimizu Yuu, June 2013

Scarlet: "With less to cover up, my job is easier, meow—"
Hello and hello again. I am Sakurahanpen! This time's cover is a radiantly smiling Claire-san!
Why does it feel so much like the final volume...!? You're smiling too happily, Claire-san! (says the guy who drew her)
On the other hand, when drawing her, I was thinking worriedly, will there be a problem with Claire-san like this!? I wanted to make her cuter, but felt worried about it(´ω｀)
Oh dear, I never thought the volume would end like that. It feels like Kamito-kun is so pitiful! Do your best, Kamito... Also, Rubia-san is so cool. So firmly resolved, super cool...!
I'm so curious about Volume 12! I really want to see what happens next... Looking forward to it, Shimizu-sensei...!
So, see you next volume!

